Comprehensive NBA Basketball SQLite Database on Kaggle Now Updated  Across 16 tables, includes 30 teams, 4800+ players, 60,000+ games (every game since the inaugural 1946-47 NBA season), Box Scores for over 95% of all games, 13M+ rows of Play-by-Play data, and CSV Table Dumps  Updates Daily.
500,000 Tweets sampled from the Twitter API before API access was shut down.
Reddit API changes. What do you think.
Public database of hospital prices.
4.5M headlines between 2007-2023 (From 10 major news sites).
"The Office" Dataset at Hugging Face.
Tech Layoff Dataset.
A detailed shaded relief map of London rendered from Lidar data.
A complete set of tweets in a day (375 million tweets).
Complete FIFA 23 dataset available on Kaggle.
Banned Books across U.S. State Prisons.
I have a very large dataset of booze, wines and spirits, wondering who it would be useful to.
Language models can explain neurons in language models (including dataset).
New tweet dataset (90M tweets, 150K users).
The largest dataset of graded diamonds on Kaggle.
Open database of hospital prices (70 shoppable services, all US hospitals, all insurance companies).
Interesting UFO Sightings Dataset from Kaggle.
Community-built hospital price database hits 400 hospitals.
We made a newsfeed for tracking new and deleted datasets across 200+ open data portals (and they're all queryable with SQL).
Scrape Thousands of Records of Housing Data Using Python.
DiffusionDB: A large-scale text-to-image prompt gallery dataset based on Stable Diffusion.
24,000 High-Resolution Left-Facing Sneaker Images for Machine Learning (GANs) and Computer Vision.
Github: List of Public, Real-time Datasets.
Taylor Swift (42 Albums) Lyrical Data in textual format.
Magic: the Gathering deck lists scraped from MtgTop8.
A free, open source mock data stream generator for your next project.
Open Public Domain Exercise Dataset in JSON format, over 800+ exercises & images with a browsable public searchable frontend.
Housing Data: the number of dwellings and people in cities and countries around the world.
270K of oil and gas wells dataset in Pennsylvania, USA.
Open source lab test pricing data, and why prices vary so much.
Chef's Special - Documenting Equipment Losses During The 2023 Wagner Group Mutiny.
New dataset on holes drilled into the earth for fun, science, and profit -- but mostly profit.
Scrapeghost. Web scrape using gpt-4 (experimental).
Documenting Russian Equipment Losses During The 2022 Russian Invasion Of Ukraine.
Scraping Google Trends Data in 2023.
I built a free tool that auto-generates scrapers for any website with AI.
Netflix's revenue and users count dataset (2019 - 2023).
OpenSpending.org is back online bringing more transparency to the world  rebuilt with PortalJS, the open data portal has been updated with new features - check it out.
Sephora Cosmetic Cost and Reviews Dataset.
Hospital data for all: Part I (collecting MRF data).
Volunteers needed for weather data recovery.
Norfolk Southern Accident Data 1975-2022.
Duplicate Data at the University of Chicago.
Finding large NBA Dataset for school project.
I scraped and produced a dataset about CVS Minute Clinics across the country.
There was an IMDb dataset on kaggle that had detailed ratings breakdown of all movies and was later removed, since then i have not found anything like it.
I cleaned a data set about train accidents.
I cleaned a data set about train accidents.
Where to get weather data for the last 20ish years.
Annotated Datasets of Oil Palm Fruit Bunch Piles for Ripeness Grading Using Deep Learning.
Databoutique.com, a marketplace for web data.
NBA play-by-play and shodetails dataset wuth season 1996/97.
Reddit posts dataset with the top comment.
A dataset on cartel violence in Mexico.
Datasets that are updated frequently, don't need data like stocks (or finance related).
Diifferent LLM scores on 6 different measurements, plus their RAM usage.
Where to Find Sources of Data for Analysis Purposes.
Anthropic RLHF Dataset: Human Preference Data (+ errors I found).
15,000 human-generated prompt response pairs specifically designed for instruction tuning large language models.
List of publicly available datasets with real-time data.
All TV Series Details Dataset from TheMovieDB.
Bidets sales during the pandemic (2019-2022).
CSV of all National Parks Globally.
Carbon monitor. Countries, years, sectors. Downloadable dataset.
Is it legal to scrape data from RedFin using Selenium.
Resource for generating simulated (fake/mock) data.
Cattle Weight Detection Model + Dataset (12k~) supported by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Where to find the data that shows U.S. government grants vs Private donations to charities.
List of Remote Work Policies by Company.
1,477 banned books in US schools.
Exercise DataSet and API with information such as targetted muscles and video demonstration.
"American Stories: A Large-Scale Structured Text Dataset of Historical U.S. Newspapers\ Dell et al 2023.
More public SQL-queryable databases.
American Local Government Elections Database: 57,000 elections for mayor, city councilor, county executive, county legislator, sheriff, prosecutor, and school board offices across the last 30+ years.
Real estate scraping library for Zillow, Realtor.com & Redfin.
TSA No Fly list (names, dates of birth) as well as TSA Selectee list.
Datasets you can only dream of getting access to.
Stanford Cars (cars196) contains many Fine-Grained Errors.
Affordable financial datasets on VC and startups.
Crowdsourcing hospital price data. Paying out $500/wk, increasing as engagement increases.
I spent 6 hours creating a dataset of my BeReals from the past year and a half.
Dataset of 250K Books and 1.5M Scholarly Papers with Extracted Text Layers.
In(greed)flation: comparing grocery food skus year-over-year.
CIFAR 100 Dataset with online interactive EDA based on embeddings and predictions on Hugging Face Spaces.
Pass the pigs dice game data 6000 observations.
Maryland State-wide Crashes from 2016-2022.
Moving Data from Excel to Something Online.
All airports with geolocation.
Analysing the bias in BBC reporting on Palestine.
Explore hundreds of open datasets with SQL, for free.
"A Massive Scale Semantic Similarity Dataset of Historical English\ Silcock & Dale 2023 (396m pairs of American newspaper headlines describing the same news).
Need an easy first dataset regarding financial data.
Medical wordlists in ENG, FRE and Ukrainian.
Supply Chain Dataset and API - company relationships, products and embeddings.
Struggling with finding a use case to work on for my Course Work.
Best Books (10k) Multi-Genre Data.
Magic: The Gathering dashboard.
Websites and subsidiaries belonging to the largest 500 companies.
Twitter behavior around Dobbs v. Jackson (2022).
Ultimate Guide: 200+ Free Datasets for Data Science, Machine learning, AI, NLP.
Complete EA Sports FC (formerly FIFA) 24 dataset available on Kaggle.
"DialogStudio: Towards Richest and Most Diverse Unified Dataset Collection for Conversational AI\ Zhang et al 2023.
How to find a great data set How to nail a data project.
Large monthly list of popular websites, extracted from Chrome UX Reports.
WebScraping specific zip code data from Zillow.
How to get a list of movies (& crew) released in 2022.
Airbnb property visualization.
Dataset with companies' sociological + economic variables.
Fortune 500 Company Email Domain List.
A dataset about bicycles.
Dataset with tuition of private education in Brazil (elementary through high school) over time.
Obesity rate by zip or county.
Need scientific computing power for your research Got a big dataset to iterate over BOINC can get you teraflops computing power absolutely free.
Where to Find these particular datasets.
Where else would you post your data request.
ACS Data in easily Digestable Format.
Datasets for Emotional Abuse & Self Esteem.
A dataset on tomato yield in greenhouses.
I created baseball.computer - an open, comprehensive play-by-play database you can query from anywhere.
Recommendation for interesting datasets to work with.
SynFoot, a large-scale synthetic dataset of 50,000 photorealistic foot pictures.
A data set that lists the zip codes of all the Appalachian counties in the US.
Quality data sets for tableau practice.
What are some good publicly available real-time data sources.
Dataset on customer churn for streaming platforms (Netflix, Disney+, etc).
In Search of E-Mail Datasets Like ENRON.
14M MyDramaList show ratings from 80k users, 50k shows + recommendation system code.
A good fraud data set for a class project, not very knowledgeable.
Reported Chemicals in Makeup Dataset.
Any up-to-date datasets where I can get all posts and comments with upvotes from Reddit sub.
Avg monthly rainfall in India from Jan 2015 to Jan 23.
Where would I find a Dataset that has information on Anxiety.
Jaguar Weights and Measurements Compilation Dataset: Information and How to Access.
Jaguar Weights and Measurements Compilation Dataset: Information and How to Access.
Anywhere I can find Psychology/Medicine dataset available online.
Kaggle Global News Dataset for NLP work.
Why do so many publicly available datasets open in such inconvenient/unusable formats.
Database of all 8,291 license plates available in the U.S. (50 states D.C.) as of July 2023.
Dataset of Cybersecurity Salaries in the Public Domain.
Figma for Data Products: Novel tech requires enough experimentation and a big playground.
Diversify.fyi - a dashboard of USA employee gender and race statistics for 20,000+ companies.
All Academic Journals - datasets and tips/suggestions.
List of All Academic Journals.
Search and Download Twitter User Tweets.
How Bad Are STDs In Your City Do you part.
Mental health misinformation dataset.
List of code generation datasets (open source).
Recipe 1M+ dataset .
Open API/DB of all airports with name, IATA, alt, long etc.
Pipeline defects (corrosion, cracks, misalignments, dents).
New Datasets with job postings on Kaggle.
Poker hands (with labels for raise, check and fold).
Where we actually buy big data for company.
Need a dataset on lime production in Mexico be muncipality.
Ain't nobody got the time  Save time while plotting in Plotly.
What's the best data set for understanding people's opinion on this or that product.
Temperature and humidity readings from the Amazon rainforest.
Finding Historical stock data from 1960-1980.
Medical datasets for learning risk score models.
DoltHub Data Bounties are no more. Thanks to r/datasets for all the support over the years.
Datasets to practice on to get a Job.
A marketplace to fulfil serious dataset requests .
Getting access to high-quality data for MLs in the training stage.
English Premier League First Half vs Second Half Data by Match.
A dataset(s) containing NAICS, SIC, and DUNS codes.
Dataset or repository of people looking to acquire external datasets.
Datasets with information about universities.
Sites with great libraries or sharing report data.
Sites with great libraries or sharing report data.
Medical prescription dataset.
Introducing CCI: A High-Quality Chinese Internet Language Dataset for AI.
GitHub repo containing gigabytes of example onxx models.
An Open Dataset of High-Quality Mathematical Web Text\ Paster et al 2023 (14.7b tokens of Internet HTML/LaTeX math text).
Lottery Data in a Useable Format like CSV.
Zimbabwe 2023 Macroeconomic Analysis.
How do financial databases obtain their data.
US military interventions from 1776 until 2019.
Need free datasets to create personalized learning system.
USA education scores by age, subject and location.
Job datasets for recent graduates.
Free arrival/departure aircraft API.
Ranking steam game data, and anything else, with GPT4.
District-level data on development outcomes in India.
Dataset for Intent classification of "I can do &lt;xy&gt;"-sentences.
World beaches dataset.
Dataset for traffic prediction preferably in india.
Zero to One - Raw Dataset to Your First Product ML Model in Python.
Dataset for a healtcare triage system.
Where can I get a Zillow Rentals Dataset.
Dataset with all gas stations in the USA and their address.
YouTube Trending Videos Data (US) - Views, Comments, Likes, etc.
Question - weather and temperature datasets.
What is Your Go-To Data Marketplace.
Historical Daily Weather Forecasts for US.
Game analytics datasets for gamer modeling.
Commercial flights.
Dataset with science fiction stories.
Deaths caused by tsunami in each decade since 1900s.
Dataset with marking of sunflower seeds.
Data on 3G and 4G phone shipments.
Where can I get stock prices for specific companies from 1960.
Dataset of EEG recording during a passive viewing video task.
Inexpensive demographic interests/hobbies dataset.
Any carbon offset apis/sources out there Feel like building an index/tool to make that murky world more transparent.
413,745 verified Twitter accounts as of Nov. 2, 2022.
Where can I find temperature and relative humidity data of a room where many sensors are placed in different parts of the room.
Open source data set for finance, petroleum and consumer goods.
Medical imaging dataset with some physician notes/description.
Any publicly available flawed datasets.
Sudoku puzzles that are known to be human-generated or human-vetted.
The dataset contains the extracted acoustic signal features of tall Philippine coconut fruits.
Datasets about product sales or Customer Shopping habits at the product level.
A dataset of League of Legends matches containing summoner and their picks.
Dataset of Lung Cancer Patient Records.
Price for speech dataset for Speech-To-Text machine learning (Korean).
GridStatus: Live energy grid (ISO) data for the US.
Is it possible to get Census data (demographic, median income, etc.) per zip code.
The 100 most populated cities in America.
Potential equivalents for Twitter and Reddit APIs.
Dataset for fine tuning code generation LLMs.
Deaths over time.
Open Sourcing a Data Science Analytics Platform to Analyze any Dataset.
The Data Contract Pivot in Data Engineering.
Train LLMs with text-rich data covering SEC corporate filings, US patent grants, and US gov't contracts.
LLM training with PHP improved using txt datasets.
Dataset for costs of vehicle ownership (maintenance) as the vehicle ages.
A dataset of small talk questions.
Food trucks dataset by city in Florida(other states included).
Teacher Turnover at the School-level.
VL Datasets - A Free Collection of Clean Computer Vision Datasets.
VL Datasets - A Free Collection of Clean Computer Vision Datasets.
Common anti-bot (anti-scraping) measures on Websites and how to bypass them.
Found some more simple csv & excel datasets for business use cases.
Dataset or database for computer component gaming performance.
Can someone please send me the link for data I could use to perform a t-test.
Dataset to measure how frequently vehicular parts are subjugated to wear and tear of specific brand / specific model (ANY WILL DO).
Historical 1-min OHLC crypto prices 1900+ coins dataset with code.
Time Series for Climate Change: Forecasting Wind Power.
Searching for video game users demographics.
Gold historical price daily eur and usd.
How to represent large categorical data.
Historical sales datasets of luxury clothing brand.
Washington D.C 2010-2020 Felony Offense and Sentence Overview.
Any datasets for counties in California and their party alignment.
Any datasets for counties in California and their party alignment.
Moving mean of a moving mean. Is this ok .
Learn to Predict User Sentiment from Text Comments.
Data sets on the concentration of different gases emitted by fruits and vegetables during the process of rotting.
Minecraft mob damage and health.
Dataset of frequency of different topics in conversation/writing Or even just a text dataset of conversations.
Historical Job Posting Data.
Formula 1 data sets for a tableau project.
An incomplete dataset that should be messy or contain various data quality issues.
Gaza bomb locations & times. Any data out there.
Fracking Registry - by State and Operating Company.
Large dataset with drug approval information and many drug characteristics.
Zimbabwe 2018 Election Results Analysis.
Data on number pages in papers over the years.
Sharing some of my highly voted Kaggle datasets.
How to improve dataset quality for a machine learning forecast project.
Recommendations for Datasets to Apply CycleGAN to.
Number of Direct Flights Between Domestic Airports.
How much Media talks about a specific company.
Dataset showing average hours worked (at a job) for US households.
Every product listed on LEGO.com, May 2023.
Need S&P 500 market cap for all years since 1980.
Written to text training data for Spanish.
Historical Financial Data available on DoltHub.
IMDb movie datasets.
Agent personas to improve LLMs dataset.
Similarity semantic search sentences or paragraphs.
A dataset containing baby images, preferably annotated, and containing babies who are both awake and asleep.
GIS data for a project. I apologize for the banality of my request and for my English.
Crimes in Boston During Covid-19 (2020-2021).
Mobile vs Desktop/Laptop internet traffic.
I am a dataset that has at least 12 input features (excluding target variable) for a binary classification problem.
I developed an API to fetch data from Crunchbase.
True Crime Podcasts Data/Information.
Digital Marketing dataset.
Administrative Capacity in Africa 1991-2021.
How can I merge multiple xml files into one as CSV file .
Professional networking for data analytics.
I made a book database site that allows you to sort books using Goodreads ratings and more.
Dataset for training LLMs to translate English into statements of pure zero-order logic (ZOL).
Recurring dataset scraping using just GitHub.
IMDB vs TMDB - advice for recommender system.
Training a neural network - Cluster of rice grains or individual rice grains.
Data for the number of short men in the UK.
"Great American Taste Test" Coffee Survey Data.
Are there any data sets on movie preference and its relationship age and gender.
FDA approved drugs by indication.
Access to consumer spending data. Ideally by zip or census code.
How to Build Data Products.
Can I do an analysis for you for free.
How can I find all companies of a specific category residing within my state.
Indeed dataset 730k records.
A dataset for divorce forecasting analysis.
Annual County-Level Demographic Data Sanskrit Audio Dataset for Transcription.
Beginner Data Analyst easy data sets to practice on R Studio.
Need an NBA Playoff Shot Location Dataset.
Facecheck.id strange things going on. Full database download.
Where do u guys find datasets for Ur projects.
Suitable aligners to create a three-language parallel corpus.
What is the best way to get information off of a Wiki for natural language processing.
Data as a Strategic Asset: How are Businesses Embracing the Mindset.
Want to find the datasets for crop yield predictions.
Dataset about comments from people in different relation types.
Looking for: Dataset (Gender) Bias Detection.
Which dataset is good for food related projects. I want to work on Inverse Cooking, but am confused if i can jump into it or not.
Request - dataset showing all airlines in the world, ranked by number of passengers in 2019.
Reliable datasets for tourism arrivels per country.
I'm a dataset through which I can solve a real world problem(Time series modelling).
Inmate population datasets for California, Colorado, and Texas.
A dataset on electrical equipment failure.
Dataset about learning systems in the mother tongue language.
New US businesses dataset with basic info like name, creation date etc.
Need cars dataset for some project,,.
Where do you get your historical sports betting data from.
Underlying data source for website Allbiz.com.
Explore the Automotive Trends Data.
Federal grant success rate data.
Most Valuable Data Sets resource or discussion.
Literature review - how to filter out redundant search results from similar search iterations.
CleanVision: Audit your Image Datasets for better Computer Vision.
Are there mental health classification datasets available publicly.
What are the essential SQL skills for Senior Business Analysts.
A recipe dataset from many different websites.
REDD (A public data set for energy disaggregation) new link.
Scandinavian Art Auction Sales Prices Dataset.
To analyze data, useful for NBA stats.
Pulsating stars data.
Require a Supply Chain Management Dataset.
Where can I find annual smartphone sales and average smartphone price data by country.
Historical spending data for the united states from 1960-today.
Where do I find this macro-economics data.
I am data on where doctors did their residencies.
Large dataset for books, biography, etc.
Datasets on medical insurance prior authorizations (insurance pre-review & approvals/denials).
Image Dataset of Industries or Dataset with Lat Long Information of Industries.
What are some NON TIME SERIES data that I can collect from my own daily life which can be used in a machine learning modelling exercise.
Share Repurchase data for the last 20 years.
Historical sports betting line movement data set.
How do you search datasets: search engines, major data catalogs.
Analytics of most successful youtube channels.
A dataset of handwritten answered exam papers.
Why don't more companies try to sell their data What are the challenges for DaaS (data as a service) or companies trying to make data products.
Database of nuclear energy consumption.
A dataset of fake/fraudulent/pseudoscientific illnesses and medical conditions.
UK Train dataset. passenger journey numbers for the active rail stations across the British rail network.
Recap of 2023's Transformative Data Landscape.
Presenting open source tool that collects reddit data in a snap (for academic researchers).
NIST Ballistics Toolmark Research Database.
Where can I get intraday historical data for crude oil futures.
Free Platform for Finding any Data Using LLM.
World Championship Punkin Chunkin Results Dataset.
Websites that are good for web scraping finance data.
IMDB Dataset - pulling movies in the enlgish language only.
Grocery products dataset.
Spotify Artist's listeners Data for 2015.
Historic (yearly) global air quality dataset.
Police Officer Bodycam Dataset (Recorded Footage).
Are there datasets about healthcare for doing regression.
Radiation Spread during an oil tanker explosion.
Real Estate Sales Data for New York State.
US DoD data request by profession plz.
Where can I get dataset related to security incidents.
A database for sales for various companies during their history.
Cybersecurity Breach Data Set with over 10k Records.
Chasing a Health Related Dataset for Uni Assignment.
Dataset consisting of oil mine location and seismic data and/or environmental impact of oil mine.
Food-101N: Quantifying Thousands of (Known) Errors.
List of UK schools with dodgy concrete.
Best Place to Find Data on Real Estate Transactions in Arizona.
Parking lots Anomalous Activities Video Dataset.
Reasoning Test/complex shape pattern dataset.
A Dataset of Global AI/ML, Data Science Salaries in the Public Domain.
A DIABETES DATASET ( preferably Type-II ) for a research project.
Websites to download datasets about casinos / gambling industry.
Human history dataset request as large or as many as possible.
Need Bibliometric data of researchers and their works.
ISO datasets about antibiotic resistant bacteria in UK waterways.
Examples of Data combining with culture/qualitative data/ consumer experience to better understand ticket sales.
InternVid-10M-FLT: 10m video clips with captions (Wang et al 2023).
Dataset for the titles of reddit posts.
Dataset for Ships flashing morse code or lights on and off.
Data request for medicine in the united states.
Seeking Website with Reviews on Place Accessibility for People with Disabilities.
Data Analysis: Dataset for Rental Sales Includes All Sales Throughout All of 2018 and December of 2017.
All 98,564 lines from South Park S1 - S26 (1,561,418 words).
Google blocked me for using Pyrenees.
Seeking Annotated Video Dataset Divided into Chapters/Topics - Preferably Long Lectures or TED TALKS.
Data about Kasparov against the World & other consultation games (like chatplayschess).
Understanding how humans interface with LLMs.
Challenges surrounding data availability for area of interest.
Data on human beings with birth and death dates.
Spotify Comprehensive Dataset on Revenue and Users.
Changing shapes at the push of a button - Fraunhofer IWM.
YouTuber Earnings Data.
Where can I download Cairo Dataset .
Dataset containing informal/formal text.
How frequently is Commoncrawl data updated, and what is its coverage level.
Can't find a data source for retail product price list Europe.
Dataset of current trending clothing products.
Website where "regular" people upload pdfs publicaly available.
Data on humanitarian aid in form of Aid-Data and ODA-Data.
School Closures Caused by the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Effects of COVID on cruiselines and airlines.
Using NYC Taxi data to learn the data quality tool Great Expectations.
Vehicle registration data per state.
Need a public access-free-very easy data set. Please. For R ggplot exercise.
NBA and A multilingual dataset for parsing realistic task-oriented dialogues.
USA county data.
Historical data on Spotify tracks.
Alternative Medicine Effectiveness Datasets.
Datasets with notes, quick thoughts, reminders.
Fresh, Stale, and Rotten Salmon Fillet Datasets for my Thesis.
How to buy/request data from the DMV.
DS about 4 days work week experiment.
Cost Charge Ratios for NIS database years 2012 and 2013.
Where can I find a numeric-only data set.
Public health dataset.
NASCAR Cup Series Dataset.
Hybrid vehicle market share data over the last 5 years.
Dataset on university student newspapers.
Suggestions for ecology dataset for classification.
MITRE ATT&CK annotated cyber attack trees.
Skin Dataset for people of color for a skin disease.
Dataset Correlation question for a DDOS attack.
Top 20 Data Science Interview Questions And Answers.
A product catalog for avengers merch.
A dataset of source/code files & projects for a credential scanning model needed.
A more recent dataset on Flights.
Datasets related to Europe.
Can a data set pertaining to the prevalence of antibiotic resistance over time.
In need of dataset with sizes of items for comparison.
A dataset with sentiment-labelled text messages.
Turkey and Syria Earthquake Tweets Dataset.
A dataset that has a hierarchy.
ISO 3166 second level dataset and country/county geocoding lib.
Supply chain datasets including B2B suppliers.
Twitter dataset for a research project on use of social media and online mobilization.
South Africa's Court Case Against Israel in the International Court of Justice.
A small ordinal dataset - preferably in csv format.
Pixel arts data set.
Open-source county-level infrastructure data.
US Voting History by Census-Designated Place or County.
Lung cancer dataset for AI detection.
How to get a GDP breakdown for sub-industries.
A longitudinal dataset on US newspaper ownership such that I can track changes in the ownership of any given US newspaper/daily over a period of time.
Any reputable datasets for UFC data.
Is it possible to obtain Car Repossessed Datasets 2022-2023.
Look for interesting graph datasets (nodes connected by links).
Dataset on betting - Where to get for free.
Google trends.
How should I handle the fact that this dataset is super unbalanced.
Dataset with when a house was listed in the market and when it was bought.
Datasets for Statistics class comparing industry revenue (global box office vs  gaming industry).
Dataset related to mental health disorder and symptoms.
The dataset of the Percentage of women in the computing workforce in the United States 1970-2020.
Consumer behavior datasets (questionnaires/surveys ideally).
HSA/FSA Eligible Expense Dataset.
Blood Transfusion Service Center Dataset.
Dataset for autism rates.
Where can I find data on high school graduation rates in the United States.
Looking Electric vehicle image dataset for object detection.
Comprehensive Criminal Sentencing Dataset.
Data Pipelines for Data Products: Key Components, Recommended Tools, and Fundamental Development Concepts.
Need a 5 GB+ structured labelled dataset for machine learning (regression or classification). No time-series data. Where can I find one.
Hi, i need a specific service of dataset assembly obiuosly paid.
Muscle Distribution DataSet available.
Trending recipes / food in real time.
A dataset of colleges and their extracurricular activites.
Git Version Controlled Datasets in S3.
Datasets of modern foldable phones in the market.
Rental apartment data providers which include rental property management software data.
Dinosaur images dataset for classification.
Multilingual corpus with text data and coordinates.
Repetitive Islamic Patterns Dataset.
Cool geology datasets.
Where to find open source banana pests and diseases datasets.
Where would I get data on rejected loans.
A dataset about 'Heat Sealing Inspection based on Deep Learning'.
ITRA races results database.
Large Retail or Manufacturing datasets.
Global Dataset for Air Quality Index and Pollutant by country (and city/state if possible) over the years.
How to create an image dataset for Indian railways signals.
Where to get User Ratings and Reviews Dataset for Anilist or Myanimelist to create a recommendation system.
Hiring people to take pictures for large datasets.
Database of 10,000+ keyword ideas for programmatic SEO from 1,000+ different niches.
Remote sensing: High Resolution/UHR dataset of sub-Saharan African cities w. ground truth labels for semantic segmentation.
Triple Negative Breast Cancer Relapse Data.
A dataset of political news which are favourable and not favourable to the government.
Food Ordering App: User-Order History.
Request for Airplane ticket price datasets.
Dataset of universities, degree plans, courses, and scores.
How to Build Data Products - Learn about Metric-Targeting, Semantic Engineering, Model Validation, and More.
Seeking Dataset to Train a Mental Health Treatment Chatbot.
Goodwiki Dataset (MIT): Wikipedia Articles in Markdown With Lists, Blockquotes, and More.
Datasets about European funds.
Seeking Comprehensive Rugby Datasets Ahead of the Rugby World Cup.
User behavior dataset either public or will pay.
Dyslexia Reading Speed and Letter mix up Dataset.
Hospital Price Transparency Supplemental Data.
Any alternate for Statista available.
Dataset of all the characters of all spoken languages (modern and ancient).
What are the best ways to obtain data sets about company earnings.
Spotify dataset with number of plays.
I am not able to access SEED dataset.
Altitude and monthly climate data at the US county level.
Quora Question Answer Pairs Dataset - 56,400 records.
I am a sample or actual dataset for a Budgeting Application about user's financial transactions and spending.
I'm data on US private equity investments in US contractor overtime.
Physical therapy exercises dataset.
A dataset for EU/UK flight delay reasons.
Food Recipe dataset for my personal project.
Bitcoin Tweets Dataset containing Text, Hashtag and Date .
US county level Housing Unit Estimates csv 1960-present.
Datasets on tourism in Greece.
All modes/makes of cars.
Conversational/customer support dataset for potential customer service chatbot.
Dataset that contains food ingredients.
Step-by-Step Guide to Preparing Datasets for Object Detection in Video and Images: A Detailed Analysis.
Computer Vision libraries on Images Datasets.
Michelin Star/Michelin Guide datasets.
Information on the State of Public Transportation in European Countries.
Financial Data needed for Eurostoxx 50 and S&P 500 Top 50 companies for 10 years.
I built an app to collect and reward users for zero-party data.
The data of "Testing (quizzing) boosts classroom learning: A systematic and meta-analytic review.".
Datasets for recommending music to people and how to use them.
Dataset suggestions for building Text Summarization model.
Statista premium subscription, worth it.
Dataset for market segmentation of the electric vehicle market in India.
US Ethnic Demographics by county and state.
Electric vehicles concerns.
Any dataset of threaded conversations of everyday work.
Data set for electric vehicles customer reviews.
Building a Behavior Classifier for Flies: How to Approach the Problem.
117th U.S. Congress Bill Full Text Data Scrap.
Any way to search for similar datasets.
Where can I find data about scientific papers.
The 2018 Central Park Squirrel Census.
London stock exchange daily prices wanted.
A list or dataset of ASMR channels.
Request- any datasets having information about school districts across the US.
A data set that shows what agricultural products are certified organic per the US government.
A dataset of letters. Any ideas.
Need a dataset for Image/Document Authenticity / Forgery Detection.
Market research for big data - all suggestions welcome.
Number of copies sold per book.
100,000 Unique Lines Of AppleScript Code (Non-Annotated).
A dataset that labels handwriting by neatness/quality.
Multivariate Dataset to be used for Confirmatory Factor Analysis.
Levelized cost of electricity in europe.
Statement of Purpose or Motivation letter dataset .
Data Visualization: How Best To Do It.
Card Recovery Professional: Recovering Your Lost Data with Ease.
Click-rates for TikTok ads.
Dataset of global companies/websites that do advertisement.
Ideas for Flight Delay Analysis (Specifically for Airlines).
Finding datasets for Computer Vision.
A UK City Geojson file for choropleth map.
Head height and eyeball diameter for different animals.
A deep-learning search for technosignatures from 820 nearby stars.
Timestamped historical economic/financial news.
Need a dataset with multiple different object for object detection or image segmentation.
Access to a dataset or DB that is focused on EHR (symptoms, treatment and diagnosis).
NLP data of climate movements: Fridays for Future, Extinction Rebellion, Last Generation.
US stock options data set, more recent than what's on Kaggle.
Blood sugar count dataset needed for AI training.
US State by state policies on Vaccine outreach/communication.
A dataset on how meditation affects productivity, job satisfaction, etc.
Why are U.S. ANSI state codes missing IDs like 3, 7 and 43.
A database like D&B that will allow me to download company names.
Waste classification and segregation dataset.
Data Drift Detection and Model Monitoring.
GitHub - Webhose/free-news-datasets: Weekly free datasets from global news sites.
Indonesia COVID-19 vaccination administration by brand timeline dataset.
Suggestions for free worldwide historical weather datasets.
Irish Forest BioClass site data in Excel.
Endangered Languages Project. Database Download.
Collection of podcast and TV formulas.
A database to do with wellbeing with teenagers.
Is Kaggle reliabe for collecting data.
Technical employment dataset with real data.
Good dataset for MRI breast cancer voxel segmentation.
Bigrams and trigrams extracted from OpenSubtitles dataset.
Pokemon dataset parsed from pokemondb.net.
Dataset for social media post tagging (e.g. "Apple just released the iPhone 15 pro" -&gt; tag: "technology").
Where can i get big data sets so I can use Spark or Scala.
Dataset on walking, walkability by city - Europe.
Wanted: Linux kernel GitHub contributors.
Social Media Dataset with information of location and time period.
Data set for Plants with sensor readings.
I am a Strange Dataset: Metalinguistic Tests for Language Models.
Where can I get some datasets on Industrial Warehouse Automation.
Historical snowfall by event for a lot of locations.
REDD dataset unavailable from original mit link.
VoxCeleb dataset for Thin plate Spline Motion.
Leaked COVID-19 vaccination outcome dataset.
In Need Of Job Acceptance Dataset (Searching).
In need of a dataset that has over 1000 rows.
A way for me to find the median household income for a property in a 3, 5, and 10 mile radius.
I downloaded a dataset with annotations and it is empty.
How to get insurance company information from Rx BIN.
Where to find death rate data by county in the US.
Average Daily Temperature for each Month across the world.
Designated place quality of bike / public transit infrastructure.
Data on hospital equipment usage.
A dataset breaking down the details for the happiest people in the world.
IAM Handwriting Database Internal Server Error.
I have an issue with importing a dataset from Kaggle. I am a novice and want tips to learn ML through AWS Sagemaker.
Data set on AI adoption in consultants.
Dataset on lecture videos.
Losses Russia in Ukraine WarSpotting.
Any datasets showing muscle mass / body composition and health outcomes.
Dataset for peace, justice, and strong institutions.
Research on E-commerce Growth Data China.
A mapping of all series ID of the FRED API.
Litrec Dataset (Used in Book Recommendation Systems).
Screen Content Video Dataset with Descriptions/Captions.
Unable to find a download link to MED4 (Face+Audio+EEG).
ETS compliance data in useable format.
Baldness prediction dataset (Dataset with blood values and baldness categorical variable).
Searching for a dataset on cancer patients.
Online consumer behavior dataset to test our SaaS idea.
I need a Face+Audio+EEG dataset for didactic purpose.
Data on why we preserve the environment.
Seeking a Datasource for Geolocation of Pharmacies in India.
A dataset of coffees and flavour notes.
Used this dataset for a paper, but cannot find the source.
We are a retail datasets for our College project.
Data Set for a fitness related project.
Available dataset on Soil microbial diversity.
Where to find datasets at the county level from 1990-2020.
Historic records of touristic "demand" (or prices) for a given city.
Request - API for sports historical data.
How can I pull housing type counts by state from US Census Data.
A dataset on environmental protection and climate change.
Longitudinal datasets from the Michelin guide.
Historical Stock Market Cap Data Both Listed & Delisted Companies.
Any suggestions or tips on gathering and organizing data to make a dataset for cross sectional regression.
County-level data on infrastructure crisis.
Genetic Diversity in Human Populations: HGDP-CEPH.
How do I extract only the frames with dialogues from a video.
List of cities by average temperature .
Bible datasets.
Data MarketPlace, is it a Good idea.
How to find data sets any options that you know of for neuroscience research.
A dataset on online privacy concerns and how people navigate online privacy tools.
Unified API for biggest energy grid ISO's in the US.
Weather averages in worldwide locations dataset.
I'm in need of sports data paid or free.
UK GDP time-series data from 1970 onwards.
How to extract the Inc 5000 list (2023) into Excel.
Datasets about digital tipping on POS systems.
Anyway to find a data dumps of blood reports, MRIs or similar diagnostic reports.
Datasets for Emoji Prediction based on Text.
The Complete Collection of 60+ Big Data & Data Science Cheat Sheets.
Commercial Health Insurance Claims Data.
Interested in business loan default data.
AI Solutions for Preprocessing Messy CSV Files.
Strategic Game Datasets for Enhancing AI Planning: An Invitation for Collaborative Research.
I'm a used car dataset for a personal project.
I created 32x32 px sized images for iNaturalist 2021 This is for Train Mini and Validation. Resize script included.
How to Build Data Products Deploy: Part 3/4 - Doubling down on the power of Unified Experiences.
Datasets with tons of Doc and Docx files.
Datasets on SuperCell and Mobile games.
Chemical Reaction Datasets or websites to scrape.
Indian F&O data collection from NSE.
Footfall/Foot Traffic Datasets.
Mapping COICOP product codes with EXIOBASE industries.
LF approximate vehicle maintenance cost of operation per state (US).
Are there any good image datasets with location data.
Event-Based, Fine-Grained Tennis Matches Dataset.
How can find the best free dataset from the matches of football.
Need a dataset for survival analysis.
Python OCR tool for Scholarly PDFs to JSON.
Dataset for fine tuning SQL Queries with LLM.
Delaware business licenses 2007-2023.
PC Parts/Components Public API for an app.
Datasets on Fishing/Aquaculture.
Dataset sample recommendation.
Global InfoSec / Cybersecurity Salary Index.
Any live dataset apart from finance stocks.
Global AI, ML, Data Science Salary Index for 2023.
Morningstar Direct: excess return as a time series.
List of gym exercises.
Dataset needed for College capstone project.
Transactional email dataset.
How to access MEVA activities dataset.
Requring Dataset for random website links and news article links.
Dataset of Indian surnames for fuzzy name matching.
Any datasets containing height, weight, or other anthropometric measures from the deceased.
PubMed Papers & annotated MESH Terms Dataset.
Construction industries in central Florida.
Realtor List with license number, Names and Email Dataset for Texas.
Big dataset of fiction with titles.
Need american grocery dataset including packages/jars/etc.
84K TikTok influencer/creator profiles and 1.9M of their videos.
Manufacturing/Maintenance data sets for ML/NLP.
A dataset regarding Australian businesses affected by rainfall.
Datasets for Stats Project - Thinking something in sports and comparing datasets (ask).
Getting dataset with balance sheet of 1000s of companies.
Diving into mathematical reasoning with open-source LLMs. These hybrid teaching methods are next level.
Seeking Anonymized Bank Transaction Dataset.
Tips on comprehensive sports team datasets.
Percentage of land covered in flood water and flood water volume estimates by states (USA).
Celebrity dating dataset: who dated who.
Manufacturing dataset for time series classification.
Lokking for Datasets for Grocery Item Detection.
Seshat databank files request- site currently down.
Datasets for building a Plant Recognition Model.
Health Insurance Claims Denial Data from Pennsylvania.
An API or daily dataset for large, in-person event information.
Request -- Dataset showing internet/traceroute latency by geography/provider.
.Onion/Deep Web Scraped Pages datasets.
A text or audio dataset in a language that is not in Google Translate.
Dataset of all the characters of all spoken languages (modern and ancient).
Where can I get a text file containing every Unicode character.
Up to date energy datasets.
The Data Product Strategy.
Any solutions for drag and drop functionality for CSV files.
Subset Quick Calcs make analyzing data 10x faster.
New data on Snowflake Marketplace: Cybersyn recently expanded a number of our free public datasets. Access the new data from the below links directly in your Snowflake instance:.
A dataset that contains images of counterfeit and original shoes.
Environmental dataset for Hackathon.
"Personal security index" data (public safety data).
All NCAA conferences with lists of colleges.
Daylio Mood Tracker data set or just need to be daily mood dataset.
Need alternative to parsehub. I need only to run one project.
Access for Human 3.6m Dataset. Is the dataset still available.
New Streamlit App - Search for healthcare providers by state/zip, toggle between total/per capita, and drill down to your preferred level of detail.
Confused between data engineer, data science or data analytics.
Need sample data so that I can use it for practicing.
Top 20 european clubs all time players from 2000s Dataset.
Common aisles to find grocery store item.
GPT-4 function calling can label hospital price data.
NLP dataset for a stream of consciousness: The Rambles.
A way to find dataset by the number of columns .
Dataset of information published by colleges from the common data set.
Track private flight info (from LA to Las Vegas) from 2016.
Auction results in used/new construction equipment.
App that links heart rate and/or ECG to calendar events/other apps.
What are the most used Time Series Datasets.
DataSet of Bone fracture localization.
Datasets for recommending music to people and how to use them.
Prices for used medium and heavy duty vehicles data set.
Plastic Waste in Oceans, water to save marine life.
Database for companies across the asia.
Sound dataset of different weapons and explosions.
Entire reddit dataset released somewhere.
Where Can I Find Historical Datasets on Cyberattacks.
Stock manipulation dataset or where i can find a list of manipulated stocks.
Socioeconomic High-resolution Rural-Urban Geographic Platform for India.
Dataset for psychometrics class.
Historical Billboard Chart data.
Requesting an Images Dataset with annotated human actions to train visual description model for accessibility app.
3000 microwave ovens from popular e-commerce sites.
Where can I find resources to make a MIDI dataset of guitar tablatures.
Fed Funds Rate (FFR) futures historical data.
Trying to create a spam voicemail dataset.
English Words "familiarity" dataset.
NBA March Madness or other internal-to-company sports-prediction related datasets.
What are you using your datasets actually for.
I am trying to find datasets for any consumer product where I can get the component chemicals present and the properties of the overall product.
Product Dataset for Solar or IT e-commerce.
Are there any datasets containing pertussis audio and video recordings.
Dataset about educational videogames and its effectiveness.
Dataset about rainfall in my city to find ideal day for a wedding.
Medical devices in wound healing data set.
US Loan-Level Mortgage Data from HDMA.
Datalab: Automatically Detect Common Real-World Issues in your Datasets.
Where can I find datasets containing residential sales prices in Australian capitals that I can download for free.
US data set of corporate employee titles and job level.
A number of stocks listed on exchanges over years.
Request for updated Formula E dataset with most detail possible.
All US Healthcare Providers on Snowflake.
Dataset for malicious posts on reddit.
Dataset on the Arts & Culture Sector of United States.
A data set regarding Flash rob or flash mob robberies.
Where can I find NCAA Basketball Dataset with videos.
School assignment: needs dataset about road quality in europe.
Accessible ESG datasets for school project.
Metadata on US or international boycotts.
Large 3D Models Dataset With Description.
Cybersyn: Snowflake funded Data-as-a-Service Provider.
Typescript linux corpora.
What are some reputable sources, that offer legally licensed datasets suitable for commercial use, which can be used to train or fine tune a model utilising images and videos.
Deutsche Bahn/German train system delays.
Request for public Transportation Routes and Stops.
Prevalence of words, phrases and emojis in US Twitter user profile bios - Web tool and csv.
Dataset of tourism levels in Budapest, Hungary in 2015.
Cannot find the I2R dataset on the internet.
Google trends but for social media/new publications.
Basic company information for Europe.
Historical intraday stock market data.
Subnational COVID-19 vaccination data (Europe).
How to Choose the Right Off-the-Shelf AI Training Data Provider.
Asthma hospitalization rates data by Texas county from 2010-2020.
Datasets on occupational diversity in Israel.
Data on the earliest timestamp of news.
Nucreal Fusion Dataset, is it too experimental/secret.
Dataset for speaker diarisation on accented speech.
Active list of domain names.
Dataset of medical case scenarios and appropriate diagnosis.
Data on enrollment and education in the USA.
I am a dataset regarding hair transplants, either global or local.
Educational Data - Philadelphia vs Los Angeles - Project for a Charity - Thanks.
Global data of federal grants.
Music Charts, AT40, Country Latin, British charts.
I developed an API to fetch data from iOS App store.
Any information regarding hobby/private flying like flight lessons statistics, number of take offs etc.
Find all utility and public works buildings for three states.
Sheet metal materials on the virtual test bench - Fraunhofer IWM.
A image-based dataset about skin burns.
Where can I find a dataset about soccer players.
Flight planner apps in China for marketing.
What would be the best dataset for object detection in soccer.
Number of births by day.
ISO free sample dataset in CSV, with some columns in JSON format.
Any dataset for website rankings (Alexa, etc.).
A dataset containing Hollywood movie characters and their descriptions.
Shopping list items with category API or Dataset.
Searching for Municipality-Level Poverty Data for Puerto Rico.
Where can I find the dataset for the average height for Swedish males between year 1850 - 2000.
Trying to find dataset on new construction zoning in the US.
Dataset of all reddit comments linking to an Amazon product.
High resolution data on income or house prices in Turkey.
New to exploring data. Could use an experienced hand to get me started. Looking to build sets of data on all "xyz" types of businesses in a given area.
Logistic Regression datasets for machine learning project.
A web page image element detection dataset.
Total internet text.
Dataset for exploring effects of social media on society suitable for high school.
Screentime related dataset pre-covid and post-covid.
A Shakespeare Corpus.
Looking to access or share a crunchbase dataset.
IRS Population Migration & income data available on Snowflake.
Dataset on appliance name, model, age, electricity usage, price etc.
Request for video game budget database.
Datasets for which software applications integrate with other applications.
Dataset for Quotes.
U.S Insurance Provider Lives Covered.
Dataset for Applied Economics Research.
Sentence semantic similarity dataset with their similarity scores.
Where is possible to get historical order book data for BTC/USDT from Binance.
Bilateral ecomm/digital trade flows.
US Dataset on Shares of Religious beliefs needed.
The Approach vs Technology Confusion: Where do Data Products Fit In.
Dataset to predict vehicle reliability.
Earnings by level of education (UK).
Problem downloading U.S. congressmen trades dataset.
Can someone break down the files and variables available in MIMIC-IV and eICU datasets and the difference between MIMIC-IV and older versions.
FBI Swatting database/dataset.
Stress Dataset from Reddit.
Best Data Source for Direct-to-Consumer Companies.
JUnit 5 dataset for fine tuning an LLM.
Free and accurate historical rainfall API.
Mental Health and Educational Attainment of Asian Americans.
Cars' prices 2008-2018 dataset.
Spare parts synthetic data for forecasting.
Dataset with Artist Similarity, Genres and Song Mood.
Isolated Instruments Dataset for source separation.
A dataset related to Ehlers Danlos syndrome.
A dataset about Cerebral Palsy.
Dataset suggestions for learning modeling and optimizations.
Dataset suggestions for learning modeling and optimizations.
Database for protein expression.
A market for selling datasets.
Want English songs dataset, for a proof of concept project, yet realistic.
Customer Support Chat Dataset for Training a llm.
Dataset translation script: is this a problem you commonly face.
Dataset for Sentimental Analysis.
ISO: Simple Format Global Elevation Data.
Feature Programming for Multivariate Time Series Prediction.
Any free recipes datasets for my project .
Dataset for place attachment of people of different age, profession, gender extra.
Commercial pools and commercial elevators dataset needed.
Data set for Medical Image Denoising.
Dataset on Salinity of Bangladesh.
A streaming services for a particular movie API/dataset.
I'm data on UK pet owners data.
500+ Calls for Palestinian Genocide.
Can someone please advise me non-synthetic CCTV datasets with distortions.
Researcher collecting cat meows to aid novel study on cat vocalisations (it's quick and simple).
Social platform trends data.
Searching for Behavioral temporal dataset for large scale analysis.
Finding data about videogame consoles for college project.
How can I get data from Statcan with characteristics .
Facial emotion recognition datasets.
Where do I find Datasets with Geotagged Images.
ISIC 2020 images ROI(region of interest).
A dataset of historic US Presidential/House/Senate election polling.
Tractor attachments from above dataset.
Handwriting dataset.
Multivariate data for assignment about microbiology.
TSA - Time Series Analysis Decomposition.
Request for source: All historical FFR futures data.
Global advertising data from 2013-2023.
A free use disease data set with medical and lifestyle features.
Seeking Guidance on Extracting and Analyzing Subreddit/Post Comments Using ChatGPT-4.
Nutritionist recommended Food (fruit/vegetables) dataset.
IMDB Dataset - how do I get film posters.
Azure Synapse Analytics: A Step-by-Step Guide.
Azure Synapse Analytics: A Step-by-Step Guide.
US & UK Bill of lading shippment data.
How the list of most polluted cities changed in last 50 years. There seems to be lack of data/plots on this question.
How the list of most polluted cities changed in last 50 years. There seems to be lack of data/plots on this question.
Dataset for customer churn due to bad customer service/support in ecommerce or retail.
Data or Recordings of the signal of GPM J1839-10.
Crime Datasets.
Is Techsalerator the only Data Marketplace out there or are there other one's where I can buy data.
Command line tool for extracting secrets such as passwords, API keys, and tokens from WARC (Web ARChive) files.
Synthetic Data for AGI is not THAT hard (math especially).
Access to some flights api for a personal project.
Professional boats dataset required pls.
Anonymous mobile location dataset in Vietnam.
NAVAREA and subregion boundaries geojson.
Gym Exercise dataset .
A dataset of companies in the US where people have accounts.
If you often find yourselves grappling with the task of extracting and exploring data in a large number of JSON files you might be interested in a comparison between a popular NoSQL database on AWS DynamoDB and our new, evolving tool, Laketool, in terms of performance speed and convenience.
Where can I find an ASL dictionary dataset.
Question: how to find individualized datasets.
How to Sift Through Papers more accurately using these search terms.
US Retirement ages year over year with demographic data through 2022.
Publicly available data regarding Commercial Real Estate retrofitting activity.
Need digital marketing dataset of ad campaigns on social media platforms.
Datasets on gaming for personal project.
I need public server of Microsoft SQL server to practice power bi.
Seeking Ballistics/Ammunition Dataset.
Nancy Pelosi Stock Returns Dataset.
Seeking REPUTABLE datasets for analyzing the economic impact of the animation industry on economic growth through the emans of tourism. Can someone recommend a datasets for this pleaseeeeee.
Seeking Assistance: Categorizing 500K Food Products into Specific Categories.
A set with OTC/RX medications, recommended dosages, and safe dosing intervals.
Data set for walk ability by country and/or cities in Europe.