What foreign ways of doing things would Americans embrace?
Size of bank failures since 2000
Bar chart of the summarized hight of all 2x2 LEGO DUPLO bricks my son owns, ordered by color. It's his first bar graph, so 
The popularity of the name "Mabel" in the United States skyrocketed after Gravity Falls came out
Young adults are leading the mass exodus from Christianity in the US
Japan's Population Problem, Visualized
How Common in Your Birthday!
Fall and rise of The New York Times
The average American now has the same chance of a long and healthy life as someone born in Blackpool, the town with England's 
Tracked my weight from Aug, 2021 to Feb, 2023
Searches for VPN Soar in Utah Amidst PornHub Blockage
Actors/actresses with the most Oscar wins
Finland joins NATO, more than doubling the alliance's border with Russia
No-one wants me to stay safe anymore: the rise and fall of the pandemic email signoff
India overtakes China to become the world's most populous nation
One-in-five teens are almost constantly on YouTube
The Highs and Lows of Popular Comedy Shows
Highest paid actors for a single production
Americans consider Politicians more Immoral than Pornstars and Spies. Shows only "Very Immoral" responses.
How heterosexual couples met
My 2-month long job search as a Software Engineer with 4 YEO
The world's 10 richest women
Updated size of bank failures since 2000
How much reddit content likely went dark on June 12th?
The share of Latin American women going to college and beyond has grown 14x in the past 50 years. Men's share is 
CEO pay has skyrocketed 1,460% since 1978: CEOs were paid 399 times as much as a typical worker in 2021
The Cost Of Cable Vs. Top Streaming Subscriptions
The Most Streamed Programs
Every Possible Wordle Solution Visualized (With Interactivity!)
Change in prices in the US for consumer goods and services since 2008
I spent the past two years pouring my soul into a website that allows you to visualize virtually every U.S. company's 
The Peaks and Troughs of Long-Running TV Series

Visualization of livestock being slaughtered in the US. (2020 - Annual average) I first tried visualizing this with graphs 
Deadliest Animals
Happy PiDay! The ratio of randomly dropped marbles ending in each bowl approaches pi.
U.S. Adult Obesity Rate (2012 vs 2022)
Explanation of Taxes (US Federal), 2023 update
Top 45 richest celebrities in media/arts
Will millennials ever get married?
How America's pickups are changing
Scarlett Johansson is the highest grossing movie star
Fatal School Shooting Events Reported Worldwide since 2000
Geologic map of Italy
Importance of religion in each US state by % of people who are "very religious".
Since I saw graphs like that... my very long journey of looking for a new job, finally did it!
Change in Monthly Abortions Since Roe v. Wade Overturned
U.S. unemployment at 3.4% reaches lowest rate in 53 years
Population per capita
Male & female suicide rate is roughly equal until ca. age 15, at which point the former increases disproportionately 
Most visited countries pre-pandemic
Bachelor's Degree Attainment by US state by Political Lean
I updated our famous password table for 2023
Military Budget by Country
UK Electricity from Coal
Changes in how couples in the US met
Donald J. Trump personal donations to political parties 1989-2016
Most popular apps by category, 2021 (million downloads)
I asked Chat-GPT: "What qualities should the most powerful person in the world have?" Then I had Chat-GPT evaluate political 
Fast Food Chains With The Most Locations In The U.S.
The top 100 most "pornified" franchises. This time with western data included.
How big the sun and moon(s) appear to an observer on each planet - to scale!
In what country are men most likely to sit down to pee?
The Marvel Cinematic Universe is the largest movie franchise in history
Highest paid athletes of 2021-22
AirPods Revenue Vs. Top Tech Companies
Drug Overdose Deaths per 100,000 Residents in America
Biggest Tomato Producers in the World
The most popular solutions to riddles
Tracked my student loan from beginning to end
AI vs human chess Elo ratings over time
Spotify User Breakdown + Gross Profit Since 2017
El Salvador's homicide rate is now lower than the USA's
Boston Marathon Results from 2019.
Every time I went to the grocery store for a year, I counted how many people were wearing masks.
The Mormon church owns 2.3M+ acres of private land in the US. That's 1 in every ~550 acres. Known holdings make it #2 top 
National Debt of the United States
I caught a stomach bug and recorded the time and contents of my vomits.
Thefts Of Kias & Hyundais In Selected Cities
The Most Watched Netflix Shows of All-Time
The Topography of Africa
Costco hot dog combo price - Actual vs Inflation Adjusted
America's most and least educated states, ranked
The rise of NSFW AskReddit posts over the last few years
Are the rich getting richer?
US presidential elections over past 30 years
Cannabis sales across the US yesterday
Maximum Age versus Average Age of Humans, 1955 to 2023
How well the richest Top 1% have been doing the past 200 years
The Most Streamed Movies In 2022
Sex Ratio of China's One-Child Policy Generation
Counting People in the Zones with YOLOv8, OpenCV, and Supervision
Avatar the Last Airbender - IMDB Scores 2023
Tired of Tipping
Countries with largest exports 1990 vs 2021
We asked people to define their Religion in 1 word
The unemployment rate across the US and the EU in January 2023. The US average unemployment rate is 3.5%. The EU average 
How I spent every hour of an entire year
White on white Crime: % of white murder victims killed by white people
Facebook makes more revenue per user than Netflix
Height distribution of 1583 olympians, by sport discipline and gender
End of Nuclear power in Germany this week. Energy production from 2000 until today.
Eight years of online dating as a 31-year-old man who started at age 23
30 most and least prosperous countries in the world according to Legatum Prosperity Index 2023.
There is a proposed plan to raise the the full U.S. retirement age to 70. By the age of 70, women are expected to live nearly 17 more years on average, while men are expected to live nearly 15 more.
All of Queen Victoria's descendants
Song titles are getting LOUDER but also quieter: the rise of ALL CAPS and all lower case pop music
A Century Of The Most Popular Baby Names In America
Covid-19 vaccines saved an estimated 20m lives during their first year
U.S. Home Ownership Rates by Age
Six years of NSFW reddit browsing
More than half of Niger's population is aged under 15.
Military Defense Budget By Country
Population Density Maps: Egypt & Germany
Is this the most dangerous gas station in America?
Impact of race and parental income on a child's earning potential
Chick-fil-A Sales Vs. The Top Chicken Chains In The U.S.
Mexico is the largest producer of avocado. Colombia is the second.
Perception of Crime in US Cities vs. Actual Murder Rates
pixels by country population
Formerly Popular Names that Died Off, Female Edition
How have the top causes of death in the US changed?
Posting on hook up subreddits as a woman
Largest Asian Ancestry Group in USA, 2021 (Re-upload)
U.S. migration trends from 2010-2020
Small multiple maps showing the territory gained and lost by Russia in Ukriane over the past 12 months
Opioid Deaths Per 100,000 by State in 2019
The iPhone 15 Index: How much of a yearly salary you need to spend to afford an iPhone 15 around the world
The world's 25 most populated islands
Small men are at greater risk of suicide even after controlling for numerous factors
Texts of a five year relationship, year by year
MrBeast's Main YouTube Channel Racked Up 2 Billion Views... In One Month
US bank failures this century
My Tinder Data from about 2 years. German M22
Gun Death Rate vs Gun Ownership Rate in the U.S.
CEO pay in the US
Results of every World Baseball Classic tournament
Best-selling video games consoles
My job search over a 4 month period, as a 24 year old junior software developer (UK)
The Highest Grossing Movies Of The Year (2023)
City street network orientation
Life expectancy across the world by gender - data from Worldometer, prepared in R
Color Frequency in Bob Ross' The Joy of Painting
Life & Reign of English Monarchs Since 849
An interactive map of reddit built from 330 million user comments. 2023 update
A Big Increase in Gaming Time for Young Men
I did that thing where I track my mood for a year.
Dude, Where's My Car: The Decline in Driving by Young People Has Been Matched by an Increase in Driving for the Elderly
World's Biggest Lithium Producers
Percentage of US 12th graders who ever dated, have a driver's license, work for pay, had tried alcohol. 1976 to 2014. (Twenge & Park 2019)
The Highest Grossing Movie Directors of All-time
Tomorrow Reddits API changes come into effect. How have the subreddit protests developed so far and where are they now?
A-Star Pathfinding Algorithm Visualization on a Real Map
US states by HDI (Human Development Index)
ChatGPT-4 exam performances
Men and Tobacco Use: Share of Men Currently Using Any Tobacco Product, G8 Countries in 2000 and 2020
Immigrants of almost every race and ethnicity are more likely to earn six figures in the U.S. than their native-born counterparts
US Presidents Age at start of presidency
Teachers Spent Nearly 3x More on Classroom Expenses in 2022 Than They Can Deduct
Alarming Trend of the Wealth-Gap: Real Annual Wages (1979-2019)
A History of Cigarette Sales and Lung Cancer Deaths in the US
Top 10 biggest natural disasters by economic damage (1980-2022)
11 months of Job Searching
A detailed shaded relief map of London rendered from Lidar data
7 years of running
Google Search Interest For "Reddit" and "Twitter" in the US and Globally
Percentage of States Homeless Population Unsheltered.
Sex with my wife from Sep 2018 to Jan 2023
7 months of online dating, 23M, NYC
Press Freedom Index 2023
I ran every street of Manhattan
Silicon Valley Bank's balance sheet: Why customer deposit withdrawals are a problem
Artificial Intelligence hype is currently at its peak. Metaverse rose and fell the quickest.
It's Getting Hot In Here
Lase Incidents on Aircrafts in the U.S.
WeWork and WeCrashed
Apple Services is a gigantic business now
Inflation for each of the G7 countries
Countries by % of adults who believe children suffer when mothers have jobs.
Why wages may grow (slightly), but take-home doesn't improve.
Top 5 things improving my sleep quality with my gf's comparison on the right - 3+ years tracking
Most Popular Programming Languages 2012 - 2023
Visualising the Banking Crisis by looking at stock dispersion in the U.S.
Countries by Net Monthly Average Salary
American Presidential Candidates winning at least 48% of the Popular Vote since 1996
My first three years on Only Fans: monthly revenue and daily subscriber count
Wealth inequality by country (OECD data)
First 6 Months of orbital launch attempts in 2023. From launch site to orbit.
Most popular pet names
NVIDIA Join Trillion Dollar Club
2023 Income & Spending of 30sF in NYC
Making Friends as an Adult (47, M)
10 years after the British Parliament voted to legalise same-sex marriage, support for same-sex marriage reaches a record high of 78%
My job search as a newly graduated Physics Ph.D. in the semiconductor feild.
The languages with the most articles on Wikipedia
Australian national broadcaster (ABC News) depicting the scale of controversial $243billion in tax cuts and showing what it means for a country
To give an order of magnitude
Count and % of 300+ lb. (136+ kg.) players in the NFL (American Football) by year
Americans are shifting from smaller cars such as sedans to light trucks & SUVs
Donald Duck inflation: Since 2000, consumer prices have risen 42% in Sweden, but the price of a Donald Duck magazine has doubled
The world's richest countries in 2023
Fraction of the top 100 posts of the last month of r/DataIsBeautiful where the top comment is critical of the post
Change in opinion on same sex marriage in the US from 2014 to 2022 by state.
Adult literacy in the US by county
Most Popular Desktop Web Browsers
Mexico surpassed China as the top U.S. trading partner
Longest & Shortest MLB Outfield Walls Mash-up
Cost of college tuition has risen 710% since 1983 (1200% if you go back to 1980). CPI Inflation meanwhile? 194%
Seven companies account for all of the gains of the S&P 500 this year
Median asked rent for 1 bedroom unit in Manhattan during 2023
How Do People in the US Heat their Homes?
50 years of Moore's Law visualized
Generation Z are increasingly working during their High School years (16-19 year olds) after a significant drop during the Millennial generation. Still not as much a Generation X, Boomers, and the Silent Generation.
'Wisdom' of a crowd guessing the value of change in a cup
Where People Find Meaning in Life: revised in 4 slides (scroll)
Every Moon Landing Ever
A shaded relief map of The Isles rendered from 3d data and satellite imagery
I recorded my sneezing patterns for one whole month and visualised it
The Most Popular Brand On Cyber Monday By State
Most spoken languages in the world
Homicide rate (per 100,000 people) by US State and Canadian Province, 2020
US states by % of people who support abortion.
The United States federal government spent $6.4 trillion in 2022. Here's where it went.
Germany has decommissioned it's Nuclear Powerplants, which other countries use Nuclear Energy to generate Electricity?
Indy 500 Advertisements vs Racing
Continental U.S. Snowpack Visualized for Winter '22-23
"Like smoking 30 cigarettes in 8 hours: NYC's air quality crisis, tallied," shows impact of Canadian wildfire smoke on lungs in a bar chart.
Population age in Switzerland 1860-2070, from the pyramid to the vase
Time it took to reach 100 million users worldwide
3 months into my job search...
National Debt of the United Kingdom
Total reddit app downloads on Google Play Store as of June 14, 2023
Day in a Life of your Muslim Colleagues
Three years of applying to PhD programs
Wikipedia's most popular articles of 2023
Swear Words in Each Taylor Swift Album
US states by % population with atleast a bachelor's degree.
What surprised you the most?
The popularity of the distracted boyfriend meme correlates with the number of statisticians in New Jersey
Men have more fun dreams: the most distinctive themes dreamed by each gender
Visualising China's export and import in 2022
2023 in Search Trends
Game of Thrones IMDB ratings
Cheese Production by Country from 1982 to 2020
The states with the most neighbors
Some Data Visualizations from the Late 1800s that I Found in an Antique Store
Drug Overdose Deaths by state Per 100K in 2022
Tracking my mood for almost a year
Age distribution of parents of registered births during the year 2022 in Mexico
Earnings vs budgets of animated movies from DreamWorks, Pixar, and Disney since 2020
Trust in Media 2023: What news outlets do Americans trust most for information?
According to the latest IMF estimates, the USA economy is now bigger than the European Union + the former Soviet Union + the United Kingdom + every other European country + Turkey + the Maghreb combined
Hottest temperature ever recorded in each US state
Patrick Mahomes is in a tier of his own compared to all quarterbacks since 2018
Evangelical Protestant Population by U.S. State
I've Analyzed 19854 comments from the current top 200 hot posts of r/amitheasshole. Here are the most frequently used 2-word phrases by NTA or YTA category
Visualizing Taylor Swift's Campaign to Own Her Catalog
Employment rate in countries and regions of Europe and Northern America in 2021
European Electricity Mix by Country
A population density map of India.
Admission times from Emergency Department to Ward in NHS England.
Who pops in your mind when you hear "Scientist"?
Where do 8 billion people live?
I measured the specs of every New Hampshire high school home baseball field. Here are, in my opinion, four of the weirdest fields you can play on in an official New Hampshire high school baseball game.
Mapping Imprisonment Rates Worldwide in 2023
Baby names for which the predominant gender has changed in France
Ranking today's largest economies and how they've compared to each other since 2000. Would love some feedback on the visualization and suggestions for improvement! :)
Electricity Mix by State and Province in the US and Canada
The average length of Major League Baseball games, 1946-2022
Age Gaps in Hollywood Movie Romances
20 Years Of Nintendo Console Sales
Worldwide Golf Courses
The Amount of Milk Produced Daily by U.S. Cows By Year
Size of American Bank Failures, Adjusted for Inflation
Who Lived When? I charted out the overlapping lives of historical figures, from 1400 to today
Median salaries in different German cities and districts
Is Lego getting more expensive?
Bank Failures by US State since 2000
Cost of Living Index in the World's 30 Most Developed Countries
Timeline of same-sex marriage legalization across Canada, USA and Mexico (2003-2022)
The Definitive Family Tree of the Tolkien Legendarium
The entire history of Premier League teams in one chart
Autism rates are driven by changes in policy and diagnostic criteria, not vaccinations
NFL quarterback's % of passes batted down compared to height (in inches...sorry 50% of Reddit)
Lego skin tones over time
A timeline of Latin America's coups d'état.
What is the largest country that can be fit into Germany?
Biggest Cotton Producers in the World
Three companies own the US soft drink market
1 out of 17 homeless individuals in California works in fast food.
Big Tech Layoffs: Bad economy or overhiring?
The largest language Wikipedias, weighted by depth
25 Best Selling Game Consoles
Buffett's Portfolio in Q2 2023
Retirement ages in G20
Every Pokemon Visualized Analyze, Filter, Compare, And Find Similarities Across 9 Generations
196 Years of Passenger Rail in Great Britain
Visualizing Disney Channel's Decline
Impact of Supershoes on the Men's Marathon
Most common type of home in Europe
In 2022, Mexico traded more with Texas than it did with all of Asia and 6x as much as it did with all of LatAm.
Visualising NASDAQ100
UFO sightings in the US per state capita in the years 2000-2014
Most popular apps in 2022
El Salvador had the highest homicide rate in Latin America. Since its peak in 2015, the rate has decreased an incredible 92%.
Nuclear Warheads by Country
TV shows with most episodes
Age Differences Between Bond and Main 'Bond Girl'
Supreme Court justices interrupt female attorneys more often than men
Evolution of music duration, loudness & tempo over the decades based on 1 milion songs
20 Most Dangerous Cities In The World
Poll: How Much Did You Read in 2023?
A polarized media landscape: MSNBC vs Fox News - What stories are they highlighting or omitting over the last week (April 7 to April 13)? What are the focal points between the left and right on divided topics?
A three dimensional map of the 80 closest stars around our sun.
Share of people who have never used the Internet in Europe (2010-2022)
I'm one of those people that tracks what they do every half hour. Watch me have a nervous breakdown including a suicide attempt, two hospitalisations and a slew of medication changes. I'm still in hospital now which is why I couldn't post this last week. July 1 2022 - June 30 2023
Mortgage Rates at a 21-Year High
National Debt of the Netherlands
Global Sea Level and Global Temperature
Which country produces the most ginger?
Taco Bell never gave me the exact number of sauce packets I asked for, so I couldn't help but track the data for a few years
Big Macs Per Hourly Median Wage
We asked people whether they are a Cat-Person or a Dog-Person. Here are the results.
Lululemon's 2022 Income Statement Visualized
Chicago Victims of Homicides and Non-Fatal Shootings
Once they made up 93% of US border apprehensions, Mexicans now form less than half.
The Longest & Shortest Possible Fence Distance Combinations of Hawaii High School Baseball Fields
10 Years of Student Loan Repayment
Every High School Baseball Field in Delaware
Percentage of Americans who chose Rock, Paper or Scissors for each of the three rounds in the game.
What does the G20 talk about?
Weird pattern in UFO sightings over time
U.S. adults under 30 are the most likely age group to be single, with 47% falling into this category. 63% of men under 30 describe themselves as single, compared with 34% of women in the same age group.
Count of NFL players by height and weight since 1970: There are three views, which do you prefer, or how would you visualize?
Bank Failures 2001-2023
Music loudness, danceability, valence and duration by genre  based on 1 milion spotify tracks
Countries with the most military conflicts according to Wikipedia (List of wars)
Ratio of men to women around the world
Apple market value over the years
Total excess mortality per million people during the pandemic
Spirit Airlines shares drop -47% in one day after judge blocks JetBlue merger
Ranking today's largest economies and how they've compared to each other since 2000.
What do users of Twitter, Reddit, and 4chan associate with "based"?
Identifying the major protagonists in r/AmItheAsshole Top Posts
I tracked my mood throughout 2023, and for the first time since I started doing this, I didn't have a single bad day all year
Pathfinding visualizer on a real map anywhere in the world
Russian Troop Losses after a year, according to the Armed Forces of Ukraine
Most Popular Spotify Artists Monthly 2017-2003
THE Top 50 Universities (2023)
Spotify has more paying subscribers than two of its closest competitors combined
The cost of training AI on ImageNet has decreased from over $1000 to just under $5 in just 4 years
The Cost of TV Ads During the Super Bowl by Year
Comparison of health system performance and resources
Share of foreign exchange reserves since 1899
Countries with GDP per capita (PPP) higher than $50k.
US Suicide Rate vs Density
Maximum Bird Flight Elevation By Species
3-month job search, AI bachelor
Every time a color is mentioned on a Taylor Swift album
The price of every iPhone adjusted for inflation, including rumored iPhone 15 prices
MrBeast's YouTube Empire
Distribution of m&m's by color in 3lb m&m's jar (remix)
SpongeBob SquarePants Series Rating In-depth analysis
Google's quarterly earnings are out: $20B of net profit
Where Are the Snowiest Spots in the USA?
Music streaming subscription market share
How much $ would you have if you bought Apple stock instead of the latest iPhone
Pokemon Franchise Vs. Top Media Franchises
Cancer Mortality in the US from 2005 to 2020 for years data is available. This plot is an improvement on another user's post.
Radioactive Decay of Radon Progeny in Dryer Lint
Global Warming: Contiguous U.S. Temperature Zones Predicted for 2070-2099 Under Different Emissions Scenarios
How much "foot" is in American Football?
I made a map of 18,000 BC europe, when it was bit colder than today.
Inter Miami gained over 7 million Instagram followers in two weeks after signing Messi
What Makes Life Meaningful? A Survey of People from 17 Advanced Economies (3 Slides)
Top 10 countries by largest natural population decline (deaths over births excess), 2022, thousand
Tracking my health and weight on my weight loss journey over the past year and a half
Profits of TOP Fortune 500 Companies
In just two years, mortgage costs for U.S. homebuyers have gone up $1,644 a month
UPDATE - 3 years of my GF and I tracking the sleep quality impact of various choices/behaviours. These were the 9 most significant effects.
U.S. Homelessness rate per 1,000 residents by state
How many new cars in Europe are electric?
My 2023 Spending as a Single 42 year old Guy in the Midwest
The Boston Marathon's Average Winning Running Speed
Which U.S. cities have a gender imbalance in 20-somethings?
Life Expectancy vs. Health Expenditure
DoorDash's 2022 Income Statement Visualized with a Waterfall Chart
Hispanics in the US: Beyond stereotypes, who are the richest and most educated?
International travel to US hasn't recovered since the pandemic
C02 measurements on recent United flight (ppm)
Amazon spends the most on R&D
The Topography of South America
US states with a higher or lower average annual temperature in 2022 than the UK, and US states with more or less annual rainfall than the UK
Most Valuable Companies By Continent
Animation showing flights taken by Prigozhin's private jet since his mutinous uprising on June 24
Compare Public Transport Network Connectivity In 10 European Countries
Highest Grossing Music Tours Of All-Time
Relation between the square meter price of an apartment and distance from Notre Dame de Paris in Paris and Ile-de-France
The Rise of AI Generated Galleries
Comparing the total game consoles sold by Sony PlayStation and Microsoft Xbox
First 5 months of my recent job search
Revenue and Profit per Employee of the 15 Largest Companies (Thousands of USD)
Ever wondered which male actors have the highest average IMDB ratings?
Ranking Countries on How Many Scientific Articles They Publish Yealy in Relation to Their Population
Warren Buffett's Portfolio as of Q4 2022
Breastmilk pumped per day
Canadian celery prices over time, with banana for scale
My Salary progression if I had stayed in my first career vs. my actual salary progression after going back to school
Which NFL teams overachieve and underachieve in the playoffs since 2000? (actual vs projected playoff wins; NFL, American football)
Unveiling the Titans: 10 Companies Dominating Over 30% of the S&P 500!
Share of NATO countries in NATO defence expenditure in 2022
Surprising differences in salaries between developers who prefer spaces over tabs and vice versa
Are Latin Americans the hardest workers in the world?
Gap between decriminalization of Homosexuality and legalization of Samesex marriage by US states, years
Top 200 Mods of reddit with the total count of subreddits they are part of
4-month job search, entry-level with comms degree
Salary Medians and Percentiles for the 28 Most Used Programming Languages in 2023
CEO pay has skyrocketed 1,460% since 1978: CEOs were paid 399 times as much as a typical worker in 2021
These companies are earning a lot of money on their cash holdings
I created a simple, free waveform and genre visualizer for your top ten Spotify songs, a few samples below and link to the tool in the comments!
Map of who the NBA team subreddits consider to be their primary and secondary rival
The Most Popular Streaming Service By Country
WD-40's 2023 Income Statement is greasing up their margins
animation of sea surface temperature anomalies in the Atlantic Ocean and eastern Paciifc
Percentage of TV Audience That did Not Watch the Super Bowl by Year
Celebrity Jeopardy performances by Occupation
"Generation Lead", by The Why Axis
Flu deaths in the US (2017-2023)
Traditional TV (cable + broadcast) no longer make up majority of TV usage
Life expectancy in North America
Dunkin' to Starbucks Ratio by State
Estimated Attendance Prices at my Alma Mater from 1923 to 2020
Heat and Smoke: The Record-Breaking 2023 Canadian Wildfire Season Animated
Size of bank failures since 2000
Best selling artists of all time.
Percent of recipes including herb/spice/seasoning by cuisine
Take-off and landing on a plane as seen by a smartphone accelerometer
Most expensive hotel rooms in the world (per night)
TIL of some different arrangements of the elements on the periodic table
The interest on the national debt is set to hit $1 trillion annually.
Nationwide Public Transit Ridership is down 30% from pre-lockdown levels; San Francisco's BART ridership is down almost 70%
Support for same sex marriage in the US by demographics.
The average cost of insulin around the world
The Weight of the Largest Animals Seen on Land in North America
UK housing costs are at the highest in 30 years
I made a map visualizing Seattle's housing developments over the last 100 years
The United States could add 1 billion people to its population overnight, and it would remain the world's third largest country.
Suicide rate by age (10-29 and 10-85+), Russian males and females, 2022, per 100,000 population
Most Dangerous States for Law Enforcement Officers
- Dating app data back when I deleted all apps on May
Top Paying Companies of 2023 by Software Engineer Level
Who will win best picture at the Oscars? Odds over time
U.S. Temperature Zones - Regions with Similar Annual Temperature Patterns
Most cost-competitive technologies for energy storage
Which Premier League stadiums have a Fish&Chips shop close enough for you to walk/run to and be back before the 2nd half starts?
How media divides us: MSNBC vs Fox News - What stories are they highlighting or omitting over the last week (Mar 23 to Mar 30)? What are the focal points between the left and right on divided topics?
Germany's Power Generation in 2023
Streaming service price increases since 2011
Frank Zappa once said "You can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline." Here's the world, according to him.
2 years of using Hinge (dating app) 30M
Life expectancy at birth in Europe
Africa's Chinese Debt
Surveys of Russians relating to the Soviet Union, conducted by the Levada Center, an independent Russian polling organization.
Mountains in the Contiguous U.S. by Rise Above Surroundings / Jut
The Most Popular Websites
Well done to everyone doing the UK parkrun today
The most common place name in each European country
Ranking the Facebook Social Connectedness Index for Five Different Counties in the United States
My husband and I were looking at the list of tallest flag poles and thought we saw a trend.
13 Months of Online Dating
Ocean Circulation on Azimuthal Equidistant Projection
Steam Games That Kept Us Hooked: 2012 to 2023 Most Played Games
The role of temperature in ChatGPT's number selection from 1-100: Lower temperatures lead to more predictable (or biased) choices, higher temperatures offer a wider variety
China is adding solar and wind faster than many of us realise
Football Player 3D Pose Estimation using YOLOv7 and Matplotlib
Black Population in the Americas
Monthly Net Income, Air Traffic Controller 188K
Correlation between wealth and temperature
The current state of teacher shortages in America
Attack on Titan (Shingeki no Kyojin) - IMDB Scores 2023
Every Nuclear Power Plant
The Volume of 2050 Net-zero Copper Demand
2023 Orbital Launch Attempts - From Launch Site to Orbit
My experience flying home from Vegas yesterday. Spoiler, it wasn't great.
European Wealth Rankings
Wikipedia Edits by Day, 2001
The World's Highest Paid Athletes
Death Row Final Meal Items Requested by %
US daily box office, 2004-2023. Post pandemic, people don't go to the movies during the week.
GDP of North Korea vs. China (1972-2021)
How Visa Inc. makes money: Income statement visualized
China's metro System is 50% bigger than the next 10 countries combined
More Males or Females in a Population? Sex Overrepresentation for Selected Countries and Territories, 1950-2023
Visualization of Doing Pushup Almost Every Day for 50 Days
World population, with countries the right way around
2 years after its initial release (5th October 2021), Windows 11 has still failed to achieve a quarter of Windows market share.
NBA All-Time Scoring List
People on r/amiugly claimed there was a correlation between posts in the subreddit and Septum Pirecings. I decided to run the numbers to check.
Year of Wet Dreams for a dude that doesn't jerk it
Average monthly income and expenses as a university student in Sweden
Foreign artists have become a rarity on the Russian scene
Gas storage levels in Europe since begin of the Russian Invasion of Ukraine
The NBA has the highest average annual salary of all top sports leagues
(Some of) the biggest differences between Brits and Americans
Most Popular Movie Genre Combinations (up to June 2023)
Most popular countries among Americans.
Median asked rent for 1 bedroom unit in NYC during 2023 per borough
Desktop operating systems since 1978
Top 10 Most Subscribed YouTube Channels
What name do they use for "John Doe" in other counties
Old-Age Dependency Ratio - Top 10 Economies
The very exhaustive diagram of job seeking experience of a guy with Google Data Analytics certificate and a couple of years of tangentially related experience
Age Distribution of Parents of Registered Births in 2022 in Australia
% of the Population Obese in Each County
Color Palettes based on Colors of famous Paintings
Notes played on a grand piano in an 8 hour session
Ages of Oscar Winners
Best Actress & Best Actor
Gender & racial diversity of USA employees at semiconductor companies
Most Imposing Landform in Each U.S. State, According to Jut / Base-to-Peak Height and Base-to-Peak Steepness
Top 10 factors that worsen my Chronic Headaches - 3 years of tracking daily factors and headache severity
Comparison of Countries by Population 1960-2022
The Wire IMDB ratings
Chart showing the Antarctic sea-ice extent anomaly compared with the long term average
Time you spend in traffic vs when you leave for work using Google Distance Matrix API
Daily US Air Passengers (according to TSA Checkpoint metrics), details: https://gerry-chen.com/blog/2023-09-23/
U.S. States & Canadian Provinces by HDI & Comparable Country
United States Unemployment Rate (2000-2023)
The types of chat requests I got following my previous post on this sub
Pokemon Type Combinations (Gen 1-9)
House Price to Income Ratio in the U.S. by State
Mapping Eurovision Song Contest Wins
Old French names no longer given
The Topography of China (Eastern Section)
Weekly deaths in the US (2015-2023)
Tipping in USA: Americans vs Foreigners
Parents want their kids to think for themselves
Oh the weather outside is frightful or delightful?
The results of my 6 month job search as a wildlife biologist.
Difference between televotes and jury votes ESC 2023. A positive score means the country received more televotes than jury votes, and vice versa.
Oppenheimer movie timeline
Which countries own the most US government debt?
Population size comparison between nations with and without nuclear weapons (reposted because it was taken down)
My 2023 life tracking report.
Coca Cola FY2022 income statement visualized
Tennis Players That Held the Record for Most Grand Slam Titles in the Open Era (1968 - Present)
Horror films are Hollywood's most profitable genre, with a fanbase less sensitive to quality and a history of low-budget blockbusters
The most common song titles in music
Global mortality due to Diarrhea, per 100,000 inhabitants, 2019.
Canada's population reaches 40 million
Mel Brooks movies: budget and box office
Who Has The Most Satellites In Space
Mapping some British generic place names by language origin
Seventeen of the 50 most violent cities on the world in 2022 are located in Mexico
Disney Parks Attendance Vs. Top Theme Parks In U.S.
Where My Money Went This Year
Oil Production
How I Met Your Mother IMDB ratings
Most Common Unisex Baby Names (2000-2022)
Wine grouped by tasting notes (using NLP and semantic similarity)
Americans are now more worried about AI than immigration.
So this might be a bit different than the usual post, but at its heart it's definitely data visualization. For the past 86 days I've been animating a city based on social media follower count. Here's a time-lapse
Heatmap of Breaking Bad IMDB Ratings
The price of every iMac adjusted for inflation
The continued decline in US sugar consumption
Best University per State according to USNews
Map animation showing the recent unseasonal weather in US and Canada and heatwave in parts of South America
THE BLUE ZONES - Where the world's healthiest people live
GPT-4 can pass the bar exam in the top 10th percentile among many other improvements.
Average FICO Credit Score by US State, 2022
The composition of my camera roll throughout different periods of time
Small Enough to Fail: Bank Failures in the U.S. (2000-2023)
California Snow Depth Visualized (Winter '22-'23)
Countries by Quality of Life according to Social Progress Index.
Interactions of a Law Enforcement Officer
Decline in Housing Affordability since 1963
How Google makes money (its 2022 income statement visualized as a Sankey diagram)
Biggest Peanut Producers in the World
I've been measuring the temperature error on The Weather Network's 14-day forecasts for 7 months.
Popular Herb Pairings (based on 30,000 recipes)
Three-month job search as ME master in Taiwan
Life Cycle Emissions: EVs vs. Combustion Engine Vehicles
Top Spending Presidential Candidates for Each Election Cycle Since 2000
Ocean drainage basin map of the United States
1 Life expectancy differences between men and women
The carbon budget remaining to keep global warming to 1.5C has halved in the past 3 years
Today's New Homes Are 1,000 Square Feet Larger Than in 1973, and the Living Space per Person Has Doubled over Last 40 Years
Population growth and migration rates in Germany from 1950 to 2022
Animation of Antarctic sea ice, which has been at record lows since last October
Suicides rate in Italian regions
Current Antarctic sea ice extent is 2.4 million sq km (926,645 sq miles) below the average for June. If it was a country it would be the 10th largest
Cancer death rates are falling; five-year survival rates are rising
Washington State's South Cascades Elevation Map
Cancer timeline: treatment for stage 3c triple positive breast cancer (all cancers are unique, this is my personal timeline; similar diagnoses will have a similar, but not identical, timeline)
74% of expert economists agree immediate and drastic climate action is necessary
18 years of career/salary growth vs inflation
2-year inflation across the US and the EU. This shows prices increase in the past 24 months (measured from January 2021 to January 2023). The US uses CPI to calculate inflation. US 2-year inflation is 14%. The EU uses HICP to calculate inflation. EU 2-year inflation is 17% 
Where are all the forests? Distribution of global forest area.
Two months of Australian Wildfires animated
I tracked every-time I cried in 2023
Football Players Tracking with YOLOv5 + ByteTrack + OpenCV
House of Cards IMDB ratings
Ever wondered which directors have the highest average IMDB movie ratings?
Tornadoes in the United States (2000 - 2023)
Most Visited US National Parks
All of LeBron's buckets over the years
LeBron scoring over the years
LeBron scoring over the years
Small, medium, and large majority-black cities in the US by population
How Many Chinese Characters You Need to Learn to Read Chinese!
Global Remittances: Where Do They Go?
Largest ageing population
50 Years of Global Temperature Change
Trade balance around the world
Most-subscribed YouTube channels worldwide (October 2023)
Electric Vehicle Sales by Country fomr 2011 to 2022
Finance pros show in data how a second Mormon church investment entity (DMBA) violated US securities laws for 10+ years. All done through analytics on federal/public filings.
The Average Price of Homes in Capital Cities, Based on Local Listings
Square meter price of apartments to rent in large German cities
Junior Doctor Salaries (Europe)
The Conservatives are now seen as being as right wing as 2014-16 era UKIP
Compare Public Transport Network Connectivity In USA vs. Europe
Every Airbnb Listing in Megacities
Tech employees donations to US 2018 midterms
The US Regional Bank Crisis Visualised
The Reduce in Child Mortality for Children under 5 from 1985 to 2020 For All Countries in Africa
Popular Sports in US & Canada
The world's richest universities by endowment size
Age distribution of parents of registered births during the year 2022 in Ireland
The Largest Companies In The World By Market Capitalization
First time visualizing my year in numbers
A fractured media landscape: CNN vs Fox News - what stories are they highlighting or omitting over the last week (April 13 to April 20)? What are the focal points between democratic and conservative-leaning outlets?
New Mexico Now Produces More Oil Than Mexico & Venezuela
One Year of VanLife by the Numbers!
My ~4 months job search as a final year Materials Science PhD student in the UK (applications not limited to UK)
Fertility rate vs Share of women enrolling in secondary education
Apple's and Samsung's revenue from 2010 to 2022 compared
Highest Rated Chess Players by Birthdate and Gender
The US Treasury Yield Curve still points towards recession
Top 34 Streaming Programs of 2022
Immigration around the world
Median Household Income by Race and Ethnicity in the United States
Rates of Male Circumcision in the Middle East
Scientific and Technical Publications in the G20
- Job applications across ~10 years period in Life Sciences
Availability of four character usernames on Reddit
Higher and lower than average weekend temperatures in the US
Delays and cancellations for 6.5M flights in the US or: Don't Fly Frontier on a Friday
How has prosperity changed over the last 16 years? Every country colored by positive or negative change according to the Legatum Prosperity Index
Market share of the biggest cloud providers
Ever wondered which decades of movies have the highest average IMDB rating?
U.S. National Debt in $1 Bills in New York Central Park
X or Y: Predominant gender by county
Countries that are considered developed.
The Office IMDB ratings
U.S. Veterinarians by Gender, 1960-2021
Intel's FY22 Income Statement
Leading causes of childhood death (US 2010-2020)
Number of words in each European country's history of Wikipedia page
Movie production companies with the highest total worldwide box office revenue
More than 100,000 registered nurses left the workforce in 2021, the largest single-year decline in more than 40 years.
NFL 2024 Playoff Chances
I asked AI to explain the relationship of every two possible countries in the world and made a public interactive map out of it
CHIPS Act Impact: 50% of Fastest Growing Semiconductors Companies are Now from USA
Biggest Avocado Producers in the World
US College Enrollment Has Dropped By 2.9 Million Students Since 2013, But Annual Tuition Revenue Is Up By $15.2 Billion
About 1 in 10 restaurants in the U.S. serve Mexican food
Graph view for Wikipedia articles. Details in the comments
"Where in the U.S. Can You Find the Most Days of Comfortable Weather Per Year, Matching Your Preference?"
Created this webapp to show you how much time you have left
Maps showing the cumulative rainfall in Vermont, northern India and Kyushu in southern Japan in the past week, which triggered landslides, flash floods and claimed the lives of dozens of people
The ups and downs of weight loss search interest
The average 9 inning baseball game is 21 minutes less than in the 2010s
Animation showing the vast distances that the smoke from Canadian wildfires can travel
Income Percentiles by Race and Gender (USA 2023)
Number of words in each English county's Wikipedia article
Ten companies were responsible for 44% of all tech layoffs over the last two years
More than 130 earthquakes rocked Turkey in 48 hours
World's fertility rate 2023. Chart scaled to population size expressed in millions of people. The population is shrinking in 3 top world economies (the US, the EU, and China). There are over 8 billion people in the world today
US inflation trendlines today are very similar to those in the 70s. Inflation rates were significantly higher in the past but today's rates are following a similar path at a lower rate.
Cyberpunk 2077 Settings Impact
Threads Reaches One Million Users Faster than Any Other Platform
Fall Out Boy's cover of "We Didn't Start the Fire": lyrical order vs. chronological order
How Mattel's Income Statement looks before the release of the Barbie Movie
Map of the Americas, exaggerated topography
Brazil exports more to China than the US and the EU combined  Soybeans alone are close to the entire value of its trade with the US. 
NVIDIA Income Statement Q3 2023
Changes to my Ancestry DNA estimate over the last 5 years
List of Nobel laureates by country in Asia
How Corrupt are Latin American Countries?
Chart showing trajectory of global warming in 2023 compared with when the Paris Agreement was signed in 2015. We are now on course to breach 1.5C 11 years earlier than anticipated in 2015
Most followed music artists.
How Old Were People Married In The Last 12 Months?
Tom Cruise's Film Career
Which subreddit is the most beautiful? Average poster attractiveness ratings from the largest reddit beauty analysis communities.
College Tuition Has Outpaced Inflation by More Than 3x Over the Last 40 Years
Microsoft Bing: A forgotten $10B+ business
Breakdown of Brits dietary choices by age group
Exploring the Limits of AI: ChatGPT's Attempt to Solve Every Leetcode Problem
Social Progress index vs. GDP
It would take Lamar Jackson (#1 paid player in the NFL with a $80,000,000 guaranteed cash salary) just 6 hours and 30 minutes to make the average American's annual Salary of $59,428
2023 Developer Compensation by Country
How many emergency numbers does each country have?
Top 20 best-selling game franchises of all time
Ever wondered which male actors have the lowest average IMDB ratings?
I have tracked my weight for 4 years
MCU movie ratings as a rolling average.
Comparing GDP per Capita and Life Expectancy (2021)
Each country's subreddit and its number of members
Plotted Seconds to Midnight Since in the inception of the Doomsday Clock
Perceived Likelihood That Intelligent Life From Another Planet Has Visited Earth 
Ever wondered which genre of movies has the highest average IMDB rating?
Expected years of schooling within each country. Anyone know why Australia is so far ahead of the curve on this one?
Chart showing record global temperatures this week with the anomaly compared with the 1991-2020 average
Canada just recorded its biggest population bump in history
Relative changes in real wages since 2006 over time in G20 economies
The Urbanization of America: by 1900 30% of the US population lived in cities
Where $5 Trillion in Pandemic Stimulus Money Went
IPhone 14 Pro Max (512GB) cheapest vs most expensive selling price in top 5 countries.
Crude Oil vs. Top 10 Metal Global Market
The Best-Selling Video Game Consoles Of All-Time
Tinder, Bumble, Hinge: Better Business Bureau Complaints Per Month
Against" or "Abstain" Votes for the Presidents of the People's Republic of China
Heatmap of Arby's per Million People
Tesla earnings: Big one time tax benefit doubles net profit
Pokemon Type Combinations (Gen 1-9 Update)
Reddit Reveals : Top 12 Surprisingly Common Bad Habits, Ranked by Public Opinion ( Upvotes )
Traffic Analysis using Areal Images
weather monitoring stations in the US
Average Life Expectancy (US)
Average Household Income ($USD)
Took a look into Hello Fresh
Here's What the Genocide in Cambodia between 1970 and 1975 Did to Its Population Pyramid
Canadian rent prices and affordability by city, 1992 to 2022
Preferred pronoun lists - she/her, he/him and they/them - in Twitter profile bios became much more common over the past decade    
top 20 countries by GDP size, and electrification of their rail network (% of total route)
Kia and Hyundai thefts after viral TikTok videos show how to steal them
Movies for the the People: The 10 Movies that the People Loved More than Critics Based on RT Scores
Iran's secular shift: new survey reveals huge changes in religious beliefs
Warren Buffett's Portfolio Q2 2023
Wind Speed Vs Wind Power
The Browns and Deshaun Watson are now 28% through his $230M record-breaking contract. The return has been dismal thus far. (American football, NFL)
Berkshire Hathaway total assets have surpassed $1 trillion
Ideological trends of political donors by profession since 1980
Percentage of time that networks allocate to showing Taylor Swift during Chiefs playoff games
Results From the World Happiness Report For Different Income Levels
Warren Buffett's Portfolio: 2012 vs. 2022
Inflation in Argentina is so high, a third of its households are now nominal millionaires.
Forever alone: Degrees of higher education correlate with a higher chance that women remain single (Opposite for men)
Brazil suffered average tree cover loss the size of Belgium every year since 2001. More than 66 million hectares in total. Equivalent to 8 football fields every minute
Putting the recent Bank of Canada printing into perspective.
Father's vs Mother's day spending over past 5 years
Fast and Furious Family
Who owns America's most popular beers?
All flight paths worldwide!
50 Highest Grossing Films of 2023 by Domestic Distributor
Brexit's impact on foreign adults entering the British workforce
Most featured animals in the top 100 most popular posts on r/aww
In the U.S. the Educated Make More Money and Have Lower Unemployment
Which US states depend the most on taxes for their revenue?
Percentage of Americans afraid of Halloween-adjacent things
Tesla became California's top-selling car brand after a five-year EV rout
Israel-Palestine Media sentiment analysis: 80K posts, &gt;70 countries, encompassing News articles, X (Twitter) and Instagram. Link to the interactive viz in the comments
US Household Income (% GDP)
The men's Sweet 16 field since 2000 visualized as the sum of total seeds
And the Record Holders Are...
Number of Data is Beautiful posts with more than 75,000 upvotes (shown by the year in which they occurred)
Extending last week's post, here is each country's highest-ranked university in the QS World University Rankings 2023 (zoom in for detail)
Correlation between public opinion and legality of same sex marriage in Europe, Asia, America and Africa
Powerball ticket sales in relation to the jackpot size
Median national home price relative to federal minimum wage
Daylight as a function of day of the year and latitude
Number of Billionaires by Country
wind turbine density across the US
70+ years of NATO expansion in an animated video
Trapped proton flux at the altitude of the International Space Station, overlaid onto a 3D model of the Earth
The number of immigrants (permanent residents) from India surpassed the number of immigrants from all of Europe combined for the first time in 2021 in the U.S.
US Bank Failures (Inflation Adjusted)
These numbers from the CSC about the US opioid epidemic are insane
US Travel Advisory Map - November 2023
NATO population approaching 1 billion; country populations by joining cohort by decade.
NVIDIA's FY22 income statement
NBA offense vs defense season to date
Meteorite Landings Around the World
US Federal Budget - Deficits & Surplus since 1901
Student responses to morning check-in at the start of class.
Russia is apparently 9x more sanctioned then North Korea!
Degree of Urbanisation in Europe
Population density ridgeline plot for every country in the world
People named "Adolf" on wikipedia by birth year.
Residential property prices in Germany decline for the first time since 2010
Healthcare Spending Per Country
Ocean surface temperatures are at a record high: Average daily sea surface temperature, 60S to 60N
Netflix subscription cost around the world!
Github User Density. GitHub Users per 1000 Internet Users by Country.
Low Wage Workforce Tracker: 48,000,000 workers (34%) are paid less than $20 per hour
Sugarcane was first introduced to Brazil in 1532. Half a millennium later, the country produces over 700M tonnes yearly (roughly the same amount as all of Asia, and 7x the amount produced by Africa)
A shaded relief map of South Asia rendered from 3d data and satellite imagery
Most popular drink emojis in the US
My beer drinking habits over the past four years totaling over 2,000 unique beers
Increasing Remote Learning in US Colleges Could Save Up to 34.8 Billion Pounds of CO2 Emissions Per Year
G20 Countries most Reliant on Coal for Electricity Production
6 day time lapse of the 2023 Turkey-Syria Earthquakes
United States Mortality Pyramid
Where do Christmas Trees Grow?
Ice cover on the Great Lakes at lowest level for the time of year since records began in 1973
The Big Bang Theory IMDB ratings
Visualization of the last remaining uncleared 2019 Super Mario Maker 2 levels
Battle for the Cloud
Democracy Status trend for United States (2013-2022)
State Of Tipping Culture In America - 1050 Consumers Survey
Satisfaction with current job, compensation, and local economic conditions around the world.
Animals that survived Mass Extinctions
Private-Sector Labor Union Membership in the United States
How Johnson&Johnson makes money: A visualization of their 2023 income statement
LGBTQ+ Legal Rights vs. Public Support
Major Population Hubs in North Eastern America
January is notorious for involuntary discharges.
The Mid-Atlantic Ridge rendered from bathymetry data
My dad cycled to every church in the county
Apple Income Statement Q4 2023
Most Subscribed YouTube Artists on YouTube (2023): The Rise of K-Pop and Reggaeton
Visualizing the World's Most Widely Spoken Languages in 2023.
Continental drift: Europe continent from now to 200 mln years ago
Top Semiconductor Stocks by Market Cap
My first project in data, comparision of suicides of men and women
Interactive visualization of 20 million biomedical articles
Which U.S. Counties Have the Highest Poverty Rates?
Mad Men IMDB ratings
Corporate America Promised to Hire a Lot More People of Color. It Actually Did.
El Nino anomaly is growing rapidly, with a strong seasonal impact already seen in the forecast as we head into Fall and Winter 2023/2024
The Dominican Republic, a country 175x smaller than Brazil, is now witnessing a surprising trend - it's drawing double the number of tourists than South America's three largest countries - Argentina, Brazil, and Colombia.
How Life Expectancy Has Changed in Africa Between 1960 and 2020
How We Spend Time in Different Relationships
Breakdown of Netflix's global cash flow
Global banks trading volume rose sharply since the end of February
Random mass shooting tops the list of fastest-growing fears in the US since 2016
Strength of Passports across the World
Women's Birth Rates by Age Group Over Half a Century
Plastic waste emitted to the ocean per country
The Five Largest River Basins by Area
Population pyramid of India in 2000 vs in 2020
Protein: Price -Vs- Carbon Emissions
Map comparing population density of Gaza strip with London. Across both areas as a whole the densities are very similar. But many areas of Gaza are more than 5 times as dense with 30,000+ per square kilometre
US states by life expectancy.
Disney major release of 2023 Budget, Break even and Box Office as well Rotten Tomatoes score Critic Vs Audience score
Companies with highest R&D spending
Population Density of EU countries
The Most and Least Corrupt Countries in Africa - Updates Based on Feedback
Teacher salaries by US state, adjusted for cost of living
World population increase since 1950
Average Cost to Buy a Two-Bed Apartment in the World's 30 Most Developed Countries as of 2022 (USD)
Friends IMDB ratings
Bank Failures 2001-2023 (Adjusted for Inflation)
Greenhouse gas emission by source
Population & area of European countries (including Turkey and excluding Russia, see comments)
No matter where you are in Iceland, if you climb to the highest point you can see, and repeat, you'd end up on top of the same mountain
Do Box Office Sequels Often Outgross their Predecessors ? A 23 Year Analysis of 438 Sequels
US foreign aid since the end of WWII
Which States Gained and Lost The Most Residents During the Peak of the Pandemic
Nominal and inflation adjusted video game prices in the US since 1985
I spent the past two years pouring my soul into a website that allows you to visualize virtually every U.S. company's international supply chain. E.x. What products, how much, which factories and where does GameStop import from? (Just type a company in the search box)
The Swedish Academy Dictionary is done, after 39 volumes and 130 years of work. Now they just have to go back and add all the new words that have appeared since the publication of the first volumes.
Top 500 Most Common Passwords Visualized
My accumulated PTO for over 10 years
Slime Mold Simulation using Dijkstra's Algorithm. Solver written in MS excel and graphic created using ffmpeg.
Bar Race of Top 15 Words tweeted by Trump
Cannabis use in Europe (+ the legal status of possession for recreational use)
Latin America's imports of Chinese solar panels
Mario Kart Tracks Named After Playable Characters
More people are moving in with their parents
Revealing Sherlock: An investigation board through the Series
Distribution of players month of birth in Polish top tier football divison in season 22/23 (n=511)
Wealth Distribution in the U.S.: A 34-Year Overview
America Is Diversifying Its Clothing Sources
In 2022, fentanyl was responsible for over 200 deaths every day in the US.
What Counties in the U.S. Are the Most Educated?
CEO vs Median Worker Pay in The U.S.
As of today, all companies in the magnificent 7 list have outperformed the market by at least 2x and the S&P 500 equal weight index by 4x.
EU defence spending vs distance to Moscow
Pregnancy Related Deaths Continue to Rise in the U.S.
Killed by Google
Africa's Highest GDP
Generational exchange in the Polish parliament over the years
How the US and Canada Reduced Their Power Sector Emissions: Top Source of Electricity in Each State and Province Since 2005
TOP 4 Countries with the highest INCREASE IN MEDIAN AGE since 2001
US states by their share of pickup trucks
Chancellors of Germany Age at Inauguration and Departure
The most injured football players of the 21st century
Every Space Debris Orbiting the Earth
Does the world's actions match the Paris Agreement promises of fighting climate change?
Ever wondered which actresses have the lowest average IMDB movie ratings?
US Mortgage Affordability Index
Latin America's Imports and Exports
How media divides us: CNN vs Fox News - What stories or topics are they airing over the last week (Feb 9 - Feb 15)? How do they compare to Reuters?
Europe's 100 busiest airports in 2022
US Treasury Yield Curve Animated the Last Year
We asked people to define their Religion or stance in 1 word, here are the Results. (Part-2)
Auto Theft per County in USA
Lake Mead Water Levels, Last 50 Years
Cumulative house price growth (February 2020 to January 2023) by state
Gasoline prices Per Gallon By Country
Most-subscribed female artists on YouTube (October 2023)
North Atlantic sea surface temperature anomaly
Credit Suisse and UBS: A tale of two Swiss banks
Result of Switching Doors in the Monty Hall Problem
Populations of the United States
Panda Express Sales and Orders (Month to date, 5/29/23)
Highest Grossing Horror Films of all time
The Total Cost of a Bachelor's Degree at a Public In-State University in the US
What's the Average Age that Men and Women were First Married in Each State?
My Familiarity with the Popular Music of the past Four Decades
Which networks have the highest number of credit cards in circulation in 2022?
Interest Income: What Companies Collect Quarterly
I measured the specs of every New Jersey high school varsity baseball field. Here's part one of what are, in my opinion, four of the weirdest fields you can play on in an official New Jersey high school baseball game.
NYTimes vs NYPost - What stories or topics are they pushing or omitting over the last week (Mar 9 to Mar 16)? What are the focal points between the left and right on divided topics?
What is an on-top-of-the-world mountain? 23 are in Colorado
Which TV episodes ruined an entire series? And what season do long-running TV shows typically "jump the shark" and decline in quality?
Radiolab original vs. rerun content over its history
Countries with the Most Similar Food to the United States
Ran every day of 2023*
The Sopranos IMDB ratings
Number of words in each Irish county's Wikipedia article
Video Game Prices if They Had Kept up With Inflation
Heatmap of a bouncing DVD logo, 50k bounces
iPhone vs Galaxy S price history, adjusted for inflation
Mentions of the word "sleep" in chat conversations with my partner
NBA player height distribution by position (2022-2023 season)
World population Density
Controversial Movies: titles that have a large difference between real and IMDB adjusted ratings
Perceived social class based off of income and education
In which counties are murders less likely to be cleared?
US states by percentage of population speaking a language besides English at home.
Age-adjusted gun homicide death rates per U.S. county (or equivalent), 2016-2020
Support for same sex marriage in the US by religious background.
Comparing population pyramids for 2022
Fourth-grade math scores fell for all groups from 2019 to 2022, but this change was more pronounced for students of color.
UK GDP growth vs CO2 Emissions growth
Life Expectancies of various Insects
The United States Prison Crisis
Life expectancy in 52 different African countries from 1960 to 2022
American beverage consumption
Pearson correlations between beliefs in conspiracy theories and partisan and ideological self-identification. Horizontal bands represent 95% confidence intervals, two-tailed tests
Argentine Redditors "counter-spell" their way to win the world cup
Sheep Population Density of Each Country in Europe
top 10 countries receiving the most EU aid
Do people approve of how the Biden admin has handled the Chinese spy balloon and other unidentified objects?
Analyzing 15,963 Job Listings to Uncover the Top Skills for Data Analysts (update)
Households with no car, England & Wales, Census 2021
Border Shared Between NATO and Russia Over Time
Hot Ones Spicy Data
AMD vs NVIDIA Stock (Last 8 years)
Comparing Life Expectancy to Retirement Ages in G20
Average Prices for 1g of Cannabis in Europe
Ever wondered which actresses have the highest average IMDB ratings?
Number of executions worldwide 2022
Did You Feel That? The location, magnitude, and duration of earthquakes around the world in 2023.
The most polarizing movies, film genres, and storytelling elements as determined by variance in online ratings.
Global Flag Colors
Amazon had so many layoffs this year that is skews our chart when compared to all other fortune 500 companies
Ranking Middle Eastern Countries on GDP per Capita Between 2000 and 2020
Scientific interest in psychedelics is skyrocketing (via PubMed)
Cumulative carbon emissions from the Canadian wildfires to August 2 are more than double the previous record for an ENTIRE year
US states with biggest and smallest difference between average summer and winter temperature
Average price of an ounce of medium/high-quality marijuana in each U.S. state, April 2023
The Francafrique in 2023: France's colonial legacy in Africa
Car sizes from 1970s to present
Top 20 non-UK Countries of Birth for 2021 in England and Wales
Car Insurance Prices Top Latest CPI Report
15 years of US yield curve history since the Financial Crisis
$156 Trillion in U.S. Assets and $18 Trillion in Liabilities , by Generation
Franchise movies are getting worse and I have data to prove it.
How do the German cities get around in everyday life? - Modal share of every city with more than 100,000 inhabitans in Germany by number of trips made
Attendance at Religious Services in United States - by State and Religion (two slides)
I measured the specs of every New Jersey high school varsity baseball field. Here's my fourth installment of the weirdest fields you can play on in an official New Jersey high school baseball game.
Sentiment analysis of the emotions in Enron email dataset during their collapse
Carbon inequality: who should reduce their CO2 emissions, and how much?
People's Love for Playing Games - in Billions
Apple Revenue Vs. Top Tech Companies
Homelessness Rates in the U.S. by State, 2008-2022
Charting the rise of robberies by Oakland International Airport with Google Reviews
Attempts to restrict access to books in St Tammany Parish, Louisiana
- Which NFL Franchise is the Most Successful of All-Time?
U.S. holiday spending compared to select world economies
The Most Unexpectedly Good and Bad Episodes of TV
Mortality due to Diarrhea, European countries, per 1 million inhabitants, 2019.
Map of Hospital Accessibility by Car in Virginia
More mind-boggling numbers from the CDC about the United States opioid epidemic. But what's up with Utah?
Heatmap timelapse
My dad's journey with metastatic melanoma
Journeys by ship, 1750-2008
Very few companies recruit interns/juniors for Data Science
The Topography of the United States
When should winter holiday decorations be taken down?